
8-K
1
tm206959d1_8k.htm
8-K



     









 

 

UNITED STATES
SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington, D.C. 20549

 

 

 



FORM 8-K



 

 

 

CURRENT REPORT

PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(D) OF
THE
SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

 

Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported):
February 5, 2020

 

RMG Acquisition Corp.

(Exact name of registrant as specified in
its charter)

 



    Delaware
     
    001-38795
     
    83-2289787

    (State or other jurisdiction of
incorporation)
     
    (Commission File Number)
     
    (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.)

 



    
        1411 Broadway, 16th Floor
        New York, New York
     
     
     
    10018

    (address of principal executive offices)
     
     
     
    (zip code)

(212) 220-9503
(Registrant’s telephone number, including area code)

 

Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K is intended
to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:

 


¨Written communication pursuant to Rule 425 under
the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)


 


¨Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under
the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)


 


¨Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under
the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))


 


¨Pre-commencements communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under
the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))


 

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

 



    Title of each class
    Trading Symbol(s)
    Name of each exchange on which registered

    Units, each consisting of one share of Class A common stock and one-third of one warrant to purchase one share of Class A common stock
    RMG
    New York Stock Exchange

    Class A common stock, par value $0.0001 per share
    RMG
    New York Stock Exchange

    Public Warrants
    RMG.WS
    New York Stock Exchange

  

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging
growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (§230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934 (§240.12b-2 of this chapter). Emerging growth company x

 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the
registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards
provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. x



 

 





     
     
    

 


Item 5.02Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers; Compensatory Arrangements
of Certain Officers. 

 

Appointment of Director

 

Effective as of February
5, 2020, pursuant to the bylaws of RMG Acquisition Corp. (the “Company”), the Board elected Steven P. Buffone to the
board of directors (the “Board”) of the Company. Mr. Buffone will serve as a director until the first annual meeting
of stockholders.

 

Steven P. Buffone is
the Founder and Managing Director of Kenilworth Advisors, LLC, a legal and business consulting firm. From October 1984 until December
2017 Mr. Buffone served as an associate (through 1992) and then a partner at the Gibson, Dunn & Crutcher LLP law firm, working
in the Firm’s Los Angeles, London and New York offices. He is a member of the New York and California bars and was active
in Gibson Dunn’s management, having previously served as Co-Partner in Charge of the New York office, as a member of the
Firm’s Executive Committee and as Co-Chair of the Firm’s Corporate Transactions Practice Group and Energy and Infrastructure
Practice Group.

 

Mr. Buffone is a corporate
transactional lawyer who has represented clients in a wide variety of industries (over 40 different industries, from electric power
and waste management to luxury goods and life sciences) in mergers and acquisitions, bank financings, public and private issuances
of debt and equity securities, venture capital financings, corporate restructurings and bankruptcies, corporate governance matters
and general corporate counseling.

 

Mr. Buffone is a member
of the Board of Directors of VOYANT, an automated brand activation marketplace and of CryptoTax, a cryptocurrency tax preparation
platform. He is also on the Board of Advisors of Own The Room, a leader in learning and development training programs. He previously
served on the Members Advisory Committee of Exclusive Resorts. Mr. Buffone is the Chairman of the Board of Advisors of Georgetown
University’s School of Foreign Service, a member of Georgetown’s Board of Regents and a former member of Georgetown’s
Board of Governors. Mr. Buffone is also on the Board of Directors of the not-for-profits Do Something.Org, Echoing Green and Blink
Now. He is a Life Member of the Council of Foreign Relations.

 

Mr. Buffone earned
his B.S.F.S. in international economics, cum laude, from the Georgetown University School of Foreign Service and his J.D.,
cum laude, from the Cornell and Stanford Law Schools. Mr. Buffone is well-qualified to serve as a member of the Board due
to his extensive experience in corporate governance and corporate transactions.

 

There are no arrangements
or understandings between Mr. Buffone and any other persons pursuant to which Mr. Buffone was appointed as a director of the Company.
In addition, there are no family relationships between Mr. Buffone and any director, executive officer, or person nominated or
chosen by the Company to become a director or executive officer. Furthermore, since the inception of the Company, there have been
no transactions in which the Company was or is to be a participant and the amount involved exceeds $120,000, and in which Mr. Buffone
had or will have a direct or material interest, and there are currently no such proposed transactions.

 

The Company has entered
into an Indemnity Agreement with Mr. Buffone, a copy of which is attached as Exhibit 10.1 hereto and is incorporated by reference
herein.

  



    Item 9.01.
    Financial Statements and Exhibits. 

 

(d) Exhibits. 

 



    Exhibit Number
    Exhibits

    10.1
    Indemnity Agreement, dated February 5, 2020, between the Company and Steven P. Buffone.

     
     





     
     
    

 

SIGNATURE 

 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act
of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.

 





     
    RMG Acquisition Corp. 

     
     
     
     

    Date: February 6, 2020
     
     
     

     
    By:
    /s/ Philip Kassin
     

     
     
    Philip Kassin
     

     
     
    President, Chief Operating Officer and Secretary
     



 


     
    






