
8-K
1
f8k020720b_dd3acquisition.htm
FORM 8-K



     





 



UNITED STATES
SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION
Washington, D.C. 20549

FORM
8-K

CURRENT
REPORT

Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d)
of the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934

Date
of report (Date of earliest event reported): February 7, 2020

DD3
Acquisition Corp.
(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)





    British
    Virgin Islands
     
    001-38700
     
    N/A

    (State
    or other jurisdiction
     
    (Commission
File Number)
     
    (I.R.S.
    Employer

    of
    incorporation)
     
     
     
    Identification
    No.)

 



    c/o
                                         DD3 Mex Acquisition Corp
        Pedregal
        24, 4th Floor
        Colonia
        Molino del Rey, Del. Miguel Hidalgo
        Mexico
        City, Mexico 
     
    11040

    (Address
    of principal executive offices)
     
    (Zip
    Code)

 

+52
(55) 8647-0417
(Registrant’s telephone number, including area code)

 

Not
Applicable
(Former name or former address, if changed since last report)

 

Check
the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under
any of the following provisions:

 


☐Written
communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)


 


☐Soliciting
material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)


 


☐Pre-commencement
communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))




 


☐Pre-commencement
communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))


 


Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b)
of the Act:

 



    Title of each class
     
    Trading Symbol(s)
     
    Name of each exchange on which registered

    Units, each consisting of one Ordinary Share and one Warrant
     
    DDMXU
     
    The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC

    Ordinary Shares, no par value per share
     
    DDMX
     
    The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC

    Warrants, each warrant exercisable for one Ordinary Share at an exercise price of $11.50
     
    DDMXW
     
    The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC



Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (§230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2
of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (§240.12b-2 of this chapter).

Emerging growth company ☒

If an
emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying
with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. ☐

 




     
     
    

Item 5.07. Submission of Matters
to a Vote of Security Holders.

On February 7, 2020,
DD3 Acquisition Corp. (“DD3”) held a special meeting of shareholders (the “Special Meeting”) in connection
with the proposed business combination (the “Transaction”) of DD3 and Betterware de México, S.A. de C.V. (“Betterware”),
as described in the definitive proxy statement filed by DD3 with the SEC on January 22, 2020 (the “Proxy Statement”)
and incorporated herein by reference. Present at the Special Meeting were holders of 4,929,919 ordinary shares of DD3 (“Ordinary
Shares”) in person or by proxy, representing 68.25% of the voting power of the Ordinary Shares as of January 16, 2020, the
record date for the Special Meeting (the “Record Date”), and constituting a quorum for the transaction of business.
As of the Record Date, there were 7,223,200 Ordinary Shares issued and outstanding.

At the Special Meeting,
DD3’s shareholders approved the Business Combination Proposal, the Redomiciliation Proposal and the Merger Proposal, in each
case as defined and described in greater detail in the Proxy Statement. The approval of each of the proposals required the affirmative
vote of the holders of a majority of the Ordinary Shares voted thereon at the Special Meeting. The Adjournment Proposal, as defined
and described in greater detail in the Proxy Statement, was not presented to DD3’s shareholders as the Business Combination
Proposal, the Redomiciliation Proposal and the Merger Proposal each received a sufficient number of votes for approval. DD3 intends
to consummate the Transaction as promptly as reasonably possible.

Set
forth below are the final voting results for each of the proposals presented at the Special Meeting:

Business
Combination Proposal

The
Business Combination Proposal was approved. The voting results of the Ordinary Shares were as follows:



    For  
    Against  
    Abstain

     4,804,971  
     124,948  
     0

        
        
      


Redomiciliation
Proposal

The
Redomiciliation Proposal was approved. The voting results of the Ordinary Shares were as follows:



    For  
    Against  
    Abstain

     4,804,971  
     40,400  
     84,548

        
        
      


Merger
Proposal

The
Merger Proposal was approved. The voting results of the Ordinary Shares were as follows:



    For  
    Against  
    Abstain

     4,804,971  
     40,400  
     84,548

        
        
      


 




    1 
     
    



Forward-Looking Statements

This communication
includes certain statements that are not historical facts but are forward-looking statements for purposes of the safe harbor provisions
under the United States Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Forward-looking statements generally are accompanied
by words such as “believe,” “may,” “will,” “estimate,” “continue,”
“anticipate,” “intend,” “expect,” “should,” “would,” “plan,”
“predict,” “potential,” “seem,” “seek,” “future,” “outlook,”
and similar expressions that predict or indicate future events or trends or that are not statements of historical matters. These
forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to, statements regarding projections, estimates and forecasts of revenue
and other financial and performance metrics and projections of market opportunity and expectations, and the closing of the proposed
Transaction. These statements are based on various assumptions and on the current expectations of DD3 and Betterware management
and are not predictions of actual performance. These forward-looking statements are provided for illustrative purposes only and
are not intended to serve as, and must not be relied on by any investor as, a guarantee, an assurance, a prediction or a definitive
statement of fact or probability. Actual events and circumstances are difficult or impossible to predict and will differ from assumptions.
Many actual events and circumstances are beyond the control of DD3 and Betterware. These forward-looking statements are subject
to a number of risks and uncertainties, including changes in Betterware’s clients’ preferences, prospects and the competitive
conditions prevailing in the industries in which Betterware operates; the inability of the parties to successfully or timely
consummate the proposed Transaction, including the risk that any required regulatory approvals are not obtained, are delayed or
are subject to unanticipated conditions that could adversely affect the combined company or the expected benefits of the proposed
Transaction; failure to realize the anticipated benefits of the proposed Transaction, including as a result of a delay in
consummating the proposed Transaction or a delay or difficulty in integrating the businesses of DD3 and Betterware; the amount
of redemption requests made by DD3’s shareholders as of the closing of the proposed Transaction; the ability to meet
Nasdaq’s listing standards following the consummation of the proposed Transaction; those factors discussed in DD3’s
Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended June 30, 2019 and the Proxy Statement, in each case, under the heading “Risk
Factors,” and other documents of DD3 filed, or to be filed, with the SEC. If the risks materialize or assumptions prove incorrect,
actual results could differ materially from the results implied by these forward-looking statements. There may be additional risks
that neither DD3 nor Betterware presently know or that DD3 and Betterware currently believe are immaterial that could also cause
actual results to differ from those contained in the forward-looking statements. In addition, forward-looking statements reflect
DD3’s and Betterware’s expectations, plans or forecasts of future events and views as of the date of this Current Report
on Form 8-K. DD3 and Betterware anticipate that subsequent events and developments will cause DD3’s and Betterware’s
assessments to change. However, while DD3 and Betterware may elect to update these forward-looking statements at some point in
the future, DD3 and Betterware specifically disclaim any obligation to do so. These forward-looking statements should not be relied
upon as representing DD3’s and Betterware’s assessments as of any date subsequent to the date of this Current Report
on Form 8-K. Accordingly, undue reliance should not be placed upon the forward-looking statements.




    2 
     
    



SIGNATURE

Pursuant to the
requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the
undersigned hereunto duly authorized.



     
    DD3
    Acquisition Corp. 

     
     

     
    By: 
    /s/ Daniel Salim

     
    
     Name: Daniel
    Salim

     
    
    Title: Chief Financial Officer




Date:	February 7, 2020

 




    3 
    

 








