
8-K
1
ea122783-8k_nebulaacqu.htm
CURRENT REPORT



     





 



 

UNITED
STATES
SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION
Washington, D.C. 20549

 

FORM
8-K

 

CURRENT
REPORT

 

Pursuant
to Section 13 or 15(d) of the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934

 

Date
of report (Date of earliest event reported): June 8, 2020

 

Nebula
Acquisition Corporation
(Exact Name of Registrant as Specified in Charter)

 



    Delaware 
    001-38339 
    82-3008583

    (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation) 
    (Commission File Number) 
    (I.R.S. Employer Identification Number)


 



    Four Embarcadero Center, Suite 2100 San Francisco, CA  
    94111 

    (Address of principal executive offices) 
    (Zip code)


 

(513) 618-7161 (Registrant’s telephone number, including area code) 

 

Not Applicable (Former name or former address, if changed since last report)


 

Check
the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the Registrant under
any of the following provisions:

 


☒Written
                                         communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)


 


☐Soliciting
                                         material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)


 


☐Pre-commencement
                                         communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))


 


☐Pre-commencement
                                         communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))


 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (§ 230.405) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (§ 240.12b-2).

 

Emerging
growth company  ☒

 

If
an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for
complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange
Act.  ☐

 



     Title
    of each class 
    Trading
    Symbol(s) 
    Name
    of each exchange on which registered

    Common Stock, par
    value $0.0001 per share 
    NEBU 
    The Nasdaq Stock
    Market LLC

    Warrants to purchase
    one share of Common Stock 
    NEBU.W 
    The Nasdaq Stock
    Market LLC

    Units, each consisting
    of one share of Common Stock and one third of one Warrant 
    NEBU.U 
    The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC





 



 

 




     
     
    

 

Item
8.01. Other Events.

 

On
June 8, 2020, Nebula Acquisition Corporation, a Delaware corporation (“Nebula”), and Open Lending, LLC, a Texas limited
liability company (the “Company”), issued a press release (the “Press Release”) announcing that Nebula
and the Company have consented to, and waived, certain closing conditions under the Business Combination Agreement, dated January
5, 2020 (as amended, the “Business Combination Agreement”), by and among Nebula, BRP Hold 11, Inc., a Delaware corporation
(“Blocker”), the Blocker’s sole stockholder, Nebula Parent Corp., a Delaware corporation (“ParentCo”),
NBLA Merger Sub LLC, a Texas limited liability company, NBLA Merger Sub Corp., a Delaware corporation, the Company, and Shareholder
Representative Services LLC, a Colorado limited liability company, as the Securityholder Representative. Nebula and the Company
have agreed, among other things, to (i) increase the price that will be paid to redeem Nebula’s public warrants from $1.50
to $1.80 per whole warrant, if the holders of at least a majority of Nebula’s public warrants vote to approve the amendment
to Nebula’s warrants at the special meeting of Nebula’s warrantholders to be held on June 9, 2020, and (ii) to waive
the condition to closing the business combination that requires the holders of at least a majority of Nebula’s public warrants
to approve an amendment to Nebula’s warrants such that all of Nebula’s warrants will be redeemed upon the closing
of the business combination. Nebula and the Company expect that all of the closing conditions under the Business Combination Agreement
will be satisfied following the special meeting.

 

A
copy of the Press Release issued by the Nebula and Company is attached hereto as Exhibit 99.1.

 

Important
Information and Where to Find It

 

In
connection with the transactions (the “Proposed Transactions”) contemplated by the Business Combination Agreement,
Nebula filed a definitive proxy statement (the “Proxy Statement”) with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission
(the “SEC”) on May 22, 2020, and the Proxy Statement and proxy card were mailed shortly thereafter to Nebula stockholders
and warrantholders of record as of the close of business on May 13, 2020. If any Nebula stockholder or warrantholder does not
receive the Proxy Statement, such stockholder should confirm the proxy’s status with their broker, or contact Morrow Sodali
LLC, Nebula’s proxy solicitor, for help, toll-free at (800) 662-5200 (banks and brokers can call collect at (203) 658-9400).
A full description of the terms of the Proposed Transactions are provided in the Proxy Statement that Nebula filed with the SEC
on May 22, 2020, which also constitutes a prospectus of ParentCo. Investors and security holders and other interested parties
are urged to read the Proxy Statement and any other documents filed with the SEC, carefully and in their entirety because they
contain important information about Nebula, the Company and the Proposed Transactions. Investors and security holders may obtain
free copies of the Proxy Statement and other documents filed with the SEC by Nebula through the website maintained by the SEC
at http://www.sec.gov, or by directing a request to: Nebula Acquisition Corporation, Four Embarcadero Center, Suite 2100, San
Francisco, CA 94111.

 

Participants
in the Solicitation

 

Nebula,
the Company and their respective directors and certain of their respective executive officers and other members of management
and employees may be considered participants in the solicitation of proxies with respect to the Proposed Transactions. Information
about the directors and executive officers of Nebula is set forth in the Proxy Statement and other relevant materials to be filed
with the SEC regarding the Proposed Transactions. Stockholders, warrantholders, potential investors and other interested persons
should read the Proxy Statement carefully before making any voting or investment decisions. These documents can be obtained free
of charge from the sources indicated above.

 

Non-Solicitation

 

This
Current Report on Form 8-K is not a proxy statement or solicitation of a proxy, consent or authorization with respect to any securities
or in respect of the Potential Transactions and shall not constitute an offer to sell or a solicitation of an offer to buy the
securities of Nebula or the Company, nor shall there be any sale of any such securities in any state or jurisdiction in which
such offer, solicitation, or sale would be unlawful prior to registration or qualification under the securities laws of such state
or jurisdiction. No offer of securities shall be made except by means of a definitive prospectus meeting the requirements of the
Securities Act of 1933, as amended.

 




    1
     
    

 

Forward-Looking
Statements

 

This
Current Report on Form 8-K includes certain statements that are not historical facts but are forward-looking statements for purposes
of the safe harbor provisions under the United States Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Forward-looking statements
generally are accompanied by words such as “believe,” “may,” “will,” “estimate,”
“continue,” “anticipate,” “intend,” “expect,” “should,” “would,”
“plan,” “predict,” “potential,” “seem,” “seek,” “future,”
“outlook,” and similar expressions that predict or indicate future events or trends or that are not statements of
historical matters. These forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to, statements regarding estimates and forecasts
of revenue and other financial and performance metrics, projections of market opportunity and expectations, timing of various
business milestones, and projected business model and related assumptions; Nebula’s ability to consummate a transaction
with the Company; Nebula’s ability to obtain the financing necessary to consummate the Proposed Transactions; and the expected
timing of completion of the Proposed Transactions. These statements are based on various assumptions and on the current expectations
of Nebula’s and the Company’s management and are not predictions of actual performance. These forward-looking statements
are provided for illustrative purposes only and are not intended to serve as, and must not be relied on by any investor as, a
guarantee, an assurance, a prediction or a definitive statement of fact or probability. Actual events and circumstances are difficult
or impossible to predict and will differ from assumptions. Many actual events and circumstances are beyond the control of Nebula
and the Company. These forward looking statements are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties, including general economic,
financial, legal, political and business conditions and changes in domestic and foreign markets; the potential effects of COVID-19;
the outcome of judicial proceedings to which the Company is, or may become a party; the inability of the parties to successfully
or timely consummate the Proposed Transactions or to satisfy the other conditions to the closing of the Proposed Transactions,
including the risk that any required regulatory approvals are not obtained, are delayed or are subject to unanticipated conditions
that could adversely affect the combined company; the risk that the approval of the stockholders and warrantholders of Nebula
for the Proposed Transactions is not obtained; failure to realize the anticipated benefits of the Proposed Transactions, including
as a result of a delay in consummating the Proposed Transaction or difficulty in, or costs associated with, integrating the businesses
of Nebula and the Company; the amount of redemption requests made by Nebula’s stockholders; the occurrence of events that
may give rise to a right of one or both of Nebula and the Company to terminate the Business Combination Agreement; risks related
to the rollout of the Company’s business and the timing of expected business milestones; changes in the assumptions underlying
the Company’s expectations regarding its future business or business model; the availability of capital; the effects of
competition on the Company’s future business; and those factors discussed in the Proxy Statement under the heading “Risk
Factors,” and other documents of Nebula filed, or to be filed, with the SEC. If the risks materialize or assumptions prove
incorrect, actual results could differ materially from the results implied by these forward-looking statements. There may be additional
risks that neither Nebula nor the Company presently do not know or that Nebula and the Company currently believe are immaterial
that could also cause actual results to differ from those contained in the forward-looking statements. In addition, forward-looking
statements reflect Nebula’s and the Company’s expectations, plans or forecasts of future events and views as of the
date of this Current Report on Form 8-K. Nebula and the Company anticipate that subsequent events and developments will cause
their assessments to change. However, while Nebula and the Company may elect to update these forward-looking statements at some
point in the future, Nebula and the Company specifically disclaim any obligation to do so. These forward-looking statements should
not be relied upon as representing Nebula’s or the Company’s assessments as of any date subsequent to the date of
this Current Report on Form 8-K. Accordingly, undue reliance should not be placed upon the forward-looking statements.

 

Item
9.01. Financial Statements and Exhibits.

 

(d)
Exhibits.

 



    Exhibit
    No.
     
    Exhibit

    99.1
     
    Press Release dated June 8, 2020.

 




    2
     
    

 

SIGNATURE

 

Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf
by the undersigned, hereunto duly authorized.

 

Dated:
June 8, 2020

 



     
    

Nebula Acquisition Corporation
    

     
     

     
    By:
    /s/
    Adam H. Clammer
    

     
     
    Name: 
    
    Adam
    H. Clammer
    

     
     
    Title:
    Co-Chief
    Executive Officer
    

 

 

3

 






