
8-K/A
1
f8k101119a_albertonacq.htm
FORM 8-K/A



     





 



  

UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington, D.C. 20549

   

Form 8-K/A

 

Current Report

Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the

Securities Exchange Act of 1934

 

October 28, 2019 (October 11, 2019) 

Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported)

 

ALBERTON ACQUISITION CORPORATION

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its
charter)

 



    British Virgin Islands
     
    001-38715
     
    N/A

    (State or other jurisdiction
of incorporation)
     
    (Commission File Number)
     
    (I.R.S. Employer
Identification No.)

 



    
        Room 1001, 10/F, Capital Center
        151 Gloucester Road
        Wanchai, Hong Kong
     
    N/A

    (Address of principal executive offices)
     
    (Zip Code)

 

Registrant’s telephone number, including
area code: +852 2117 1621

 

N/A

(Former name or former address, if changed since
last report)

 

Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended
to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:

 



    ☐
    Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act

 



    ☐
    Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act

 



    ☐
    Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act

 



    ☐
    Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act

 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth
company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (17 CFR §230.405) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act
of 1934 (17 CFR §240.12b-2).

 

Emerging growth company ☒

 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant
has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided
pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. ☐ 

  

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b)
of the Act:

 



    Title of each class
     
    Trading Symbol(s)
     
    Name of each exchange on which registered

    Units, each consisting of one ordinary share,
one redeemable warrant, and one right
     
    ALACU
     
    The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC

    Ordinary shares, no par value
     
    ALAC
     
    The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC

    Redeemable warrants, each warrant exercisable
for one-half (1/2) of one ordinary share
     
    ALACW
     
    The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC

    Rights, each to receive one-tenth (1/10) of one ordinary share
     
    ALACR
     
    The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC

 

 

 

 

 

 




     
     
    



 Explanatory
Note 



This Current Report on
Form 8-K/A is being filed as an amendment (this “Amendment No. 1”) to the Current Reports on Form 8-K filed
by Alberton Acquisition Corporation with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the “SEC”) on October 17, 2019
(the “Original Report”). This Amendment No. 1 is being filed to supplement certain information regarding changes
to certain committees of the Company’s board of directors. Except as set forth herein, this Amendment No. 1 does not amend,
modify or update the disclosure contained in the Original Report.





  

Item 5.02 Departure of Directors or Certain
Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers; Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers. 

 

On October 11, 2019, in
order to satisfy Nasdaq listing standards that the majority of the Board of Directors (the “Board”) of Alberton
Acquisition Corporation (the “Company”) be independent, Mr. Keqing (Kevin) Liu tendered his resignation from
his position as a director of the Company effective immediately. The Board accepted Mr. Liu’s resignation, effective immediately.
Mr. Liu’s decision did not result from a disagreement with the Company on any matter relating to the Company’s operations,
policies or practices.

 

On the same day, Ms. Guan
Wang tendered her resignation from her position as the Secretary to the Board. The Board accepted Ms. Wang’s resignation
and appointed Mr. Keqing (Kevin) Liu as the Secretary of the Board (without any voting power) to fill the vacancy created by the
resignation of Ms. Guan Wang, effective immediately.

 

In addition, on October
11, 2019, pursuant to relevant Nasdaq rules, the Board reviewed the independence of Mr. Howard Jiang as a board member and concluded
that each of Mr. Jiang, Mr. John W. Allen and Mr. Harry Edelson, respectively, is qualified as an independent director under the
relevant Nasdaq rules. The Board has also concluded that it is in the best interest of the Company that each of its existing committees
consists solely of independent directors. As a result, the Board accepted the resignation of Mr. Bin (Ben) Wang from his position
as a member of each of Audit Committee and Nominating Committee and appointed Mr. Howard Jiang to fill the vacancy. Furthermore,
the Board also appointed the chairman of its existing committees.

 

As a result, the Board
is composed with a majority of independent directors and each committee of the Board is composed solely with independent directors
as set forth below:

 





    Committees 
    Members (All Independent Directors)

    Audit Committee
    Harry Edelson (Chairman)
    John W. Allen 
    Howard Jiang

    Compensation Committee
    John W. Allen (Chairman)
    Harry Edelson
    Howard Jiang

    Nominating Committee
    Howard Jiang  (Chairman)
    Harry Edelson
    John W. Allen 





  

Item 7.01. Regulation FD Disclosure.

 

On October 11, 2019, the
Board approved the Company’s Audit Committee Charter, Compensation Committee Charter, and Corporate Governance and Nominating
Committee Charter.

 

Copies of the Charter for
each of the Audit Committee, Compensation Committee, and Corporate Governance and Nominating Committee are files as Exhibits
99.1, 99.2 and 99.3 to this Current Report on Form 8-K/A.

 




     
     
    

 

Item 9.01 Financial Statements and Exhibits.


 



     
    (d)
    Exhibits

 



    Exhibit No
     
    Description

     
     
     

    99.1
     
    Audit Committee Charter (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.1 to the registrant’s current report on Form 8-K filed on October 17, 2019)

     
     
     

    99.2
     
    Compensation Committee Charter(incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.2 to the registrant’s current report on Form 8-K filed on October 17, 2019)

     
     
     

    99.3
     
    Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee Charter (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.3 to the registrant’s current report on Form 8-K filed on October 17, 2019)

 

 


     
     
    



SIGNATURES

 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.

  



     
    Dated: October 28, 2019

     
     

     
    ALBERTON ACQUISITION CORPORATION

     
     

     
    By: 
    /s/ Bin (Ben) Wang

     
     
    Name: Bin (Ben) Wang
Title: Chief Executive Officer

 

 




     
    












