
8-K
1
ea122874-8k_nebula.htm
CURRENT REPORT



     



 



 













 

UNITED STATES
SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION
Washington, D.C. 20549

FORM
8-K

CURRENT
REPORT

Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d)
of the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934

Date
of report (Date of earliest event reported): June 9, 2020

Nebula
Acquisition Corporation
(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)



    Delaware
(State or other jurisdiction
of incorporation)
    001-38339
(Commission File Number)
    82-3008583
(I.R.S. Employer
Identification No.)

    
        Four Embarcadero Center, Suite 2100
        San Francisco, CA
        (Address of principal executive offices)
    
        94111
        (Zip Code)

     
    
        (513) 618-7161
        (Registrant’s telephone number, including area code)
        Not Applicable
        (Former name or former address, if changed since last report)
     

     
     
     
     
     
     

 

Check the appropriate
box below if the Form 8-K is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the Registrant under any of the following
provisions:

 




☐Written
                                         communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)


 


☐Soliciting
                                         material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)


 


☐Pre-commencement
                                         communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))


 


☐Pre-commencement
                                         communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))


 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

 



     Title
    of each class 
    Trading
    Symbol(s) 
    Name
    of each exchange on which registered

    Common Stock, par
    value $0.0001 per share 
    NEBU 
    The Nasdaq Stock
    Market LLC

    Warrants to purchase
    one share of Common Stock 
    NEBU.W 
    The Nasdaq Stock
    Market LLC

    Units, each consisting
    of one share of Common Stock and one third of one Warrant 
    NEBU.U 
    The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC


 

 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (§ 230.405) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (§ 240.12b-2).

 

Emerging
growth company  ☒

 

If
an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for
complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange
Act.  ☐




 



 

 




    
     
    

 

Item 5.07.	Submission of Matters to a Vote of Security
Holders.

Special Meeting of Stockholders to Approve Business Combination

On June 9, 2020
(the “Meeting Date”), Nebula Acquisition Corporation, a Delaware corporation (“Nebula”), held a special
meeting of its stockholders (the “Stockholder Meeting”) in connection with the proposed business combination (the “Business
Combination”) contemplated by the Business Combination Agreement, dated as of January 5, 2020, as amended (the “Business
Combination Agreement”), by and among Nebula, Open Lending, LLC, a Texas limited liability company (“Open Lending”),
BRP Hold 11, Inc., a Delaware corporation (“Blocker”), the Blocker’s sole stockholder (the “Blocker Holder”),
Nebula Parent Corp., a Delaware corporation (“ParentCo”) (whose name is expected to change to Open Lending Corporation
upon the closing of the Business Combination), NBLA Merger Sub LLC, a Texas limited liability company, NBLA Merger Sub Corp., a
Delaware corporation, and Shareholder Representative Services LLC, a Colorado limited liability company, as the Securityholder
Representative. The Business Combination is described in the proxy statement/prospectus filed by Nebula with the Securities and
Exchange Commission (“SEC”) on May 22, 2020 and incorporated herein by reference (the “Proxy Statement”).
At the Stockholder Meeting Nebula’s stockholders voted on the proposals set forth below.

Present at the
Stockholder Meeting were holders of 29,086,234 shares of Nebula’s common stock (the “Common Stock”) in person
or by proxy, representing 84.61% of the voting power of the Common Stock as of May 13, 2020, the record date for the Stockholder
Meeting (the “Stockholder Meeting Record Date”), and constituting a quorum for the transaction of business. As of the
Stockholder Meeting Record Date, there were 34,375,000 shares of Common Stock issued and outstanding.

At the Stockholder
Meeting, Nebula’s stockholders approved the Business Combination Proposal, the Charter Amendment Proposals, the Nasdaq Proposal,
and the 2020 Plan Proposal, in each case as defined and described in greater detail in the Proxy Statement.

The approval of
the Business Combination Proposal and the Charter Amendment Proposals required the affirmative vote of the holders of at least
a majority of all then outstanding shares of the Common Stock represented in person or by proxy and entitled to vote thereon at
the Stockholder Meeting. The approval of the Nasdaq Proposal and the 2020 Plan Proposal required the affirmative vote of the holders
of a majority of the shares of the Common Stock represented in person or by proxy and voted thereon at the Stockholder Meeting.
The Stockholder Adjournment Proposal, as defined and described in greater detail in the Proxy Statement, was not presented to Nebula’s
stockholders as the Business Combination Proposal, the Charter Amendment Proposals, the Nasdaq Proposal, and the 2020 Plan Proposal
each received a sufficient number of votes for approval.

Set forth below
are the final voting results for the Business Combination Proposal, the Charter Amendment Proposals, the Nasdaq Proposal, and the
2020 Plan Proposal;

Business Combination Proposal

The Business Combination
Proposal was approved. The voting results of the shares of the Common Stock were as follows:



    For
     
     
    Against
     
     
    Abstentions
    

     
    26,637,670
     
     
     
    2,080,547
     
     
     
    368,017
    

 




    2
     
    

 

Charter Amendment Proposals

The Charter Amendment
Proposals were approved. The voting results of the shares of the Common Stock for each of the sub-proposals were as follows:


(a)To increase the number of authorized shares of common stock of ParentCo, par value $0.0001 per share, from 111,000,000 to 550,000,000
and the number of authorized shares of ParentCo’s preferred stock, par value $0.0001 per share, from 1,000,000 to 10,000,000:



    For
     
     
    Against
     
     
    Abstentions
    

     
    26,637,663
     
     
     
    2,080,554
     
     
     
    368,017
    

 


(b)To change the vote required to remove a director of ParentCo from a majority of the voting power
of all then outstanding shares of capital stock entitled to vote generally in the election of directors, voting together as a single
class to not less than two-thirds (2/3) of the outstanding shares of capital stock then entitled to vote at an election of directors,
voting together as a single class:



    For
     
     
    Against
     
     
    Abstentions
    

     
    24,637,529
     
     
     
    4,080,688
     
     
     
    368,017
    

 


(c)To change the vote required to amend ParentCo’s bylaws from a majority of the members of the Nebula board or by the stockholders,
or by the affirmative vote of at least a majority of the voting power of all then outstanding shares of capital stock of Nebula
entitled to vote generally in the election of directors, to not less than two-thirds (2/3) of the outstanding shares of capital
stock generally entitled to vote, voting together as a single class:



    For
     
     
    Against
     
     
    Abstentions
    

     
    24,637,529
     
     
     
    4,080,688
     
     
     
    368,017
    

 

Nasdaq Proposal

The Nasdaq Proposal was approved. The
voting results of the shares of the Common Stock were as follows:



    For
     
     
    Against
     
     
    Abstentions
    

     
    26,637,763
     
     
     
    2,080,454
     
     
     
    368,017
    

 

2020 Plan Proposal

The 2020 Plan
Proposal was approved. The voting results of the shares of the Common Stock were as follows:



    For
     
     
    Against
     
     
    Abstentions
    

     
    25,501,727
     
     
     
    3,216,490
     
     
     
    368,017
    

 




    3
     
    

 

Special Meeting of Warrantholders

On the Meeting Date, Nebula held a
special meeting of its warrantholders (the “Warrantholder Meeting”), in connection with the Business Combination and
as described in the Proxy Statement.

Present at the Warrantholder Meeting
were holders of 7,905,837 warrants issued in Nebula’s initial public offering (the “Public Warrants”) in person
or by proxy, representing 86.25% of the voting power of the Public Warrants as of May 13, 2020 (the “Warrantholder Meeting
Record Date”), and constituting a quorum for the transaction of business. As of the Warrantholder Meeting Record Date, there
were 9,166,659 Public Warrants outstanding.

At the Warrantholder Meeting, Nebula’s
warrantholders failed to approve the Warrant Amendment Proposal to approve and adopt an amendment to the terms of the warrant agreement
governing Nebula’s outstanding warrants (as specified in the Proxy Statement).

The Warrantholder Adjournment Proposal,
as defined and described in greater detail in the Proxy Statement, was not presented to Nebula’s warrantholders.

Set forth below are the final voting
results for the Warrant Amendment Proposal;

Warrant Amendment Proposal

The Warrant Amendment Proposal was
not approved. The voting results of the Public Warrants were as follows:



    For
     
     
    Against
     
     
    Abstentions
    

     
    2,296,694
     
     
     
    5,609,143
     
     
     
    0
    

 

As a result of the failure of the Warrant
Amendment Proposal to achieve approval: (i) upon the closing of the Business Combination, the Warrant Agreement, dated as of January
9, 2018, between American Stock Transfer & Trust Company, LLC and Nebula (the “Warrant Agreement”) will be assigned
to, and assumed by, ParentCo; (ii) pursuant to the terms of the Warrant Agreement, following the closing the warrants will become
exercisable for shares of ParentCo common stock, par value $0.01 per share, on the same terms and conditions as specified in the
Warrant Agreement; and (iii) the warrants will not trade on either the Nasdaq Capital Market or the Nasdaq Global Market following
the consummation of the Business Combination. On June 8, 2020, as previously disclosed, Nebula and Open Lending issued a press
release announcing that Nebula and Open Lending have waived the condition to closing the Business Combination that required the
holders of at least a majority of Nebula’s public warrants to approve an amendment to Nebula’s warrants such that all
of Nebula’s warrants would be redeemed upon the closing of the Business Combination.

Special Meeting of Stockholders to Approve Extension

On the Meeting Date, Nebula held a
special meeting of stockholders (the “Extension Meeting”). At the Extension Meeting, the stockholders approved an amendment
(the “Charter Amendment”) to Nebula’s amended and restated certificate of incorporation to extend the date by
which Nebula has to extend a business combination from June 12, 2020 to June 30, 2020 (the “Extension”). The affirmative
vote of holders of at least sixty-five (65%) of the outstanding shares of Common Stock as of May 8, 2020, the record date for the
Extension Meeting, was required to approve the Charter Amendment. The purpose of the Charter Amendment is to allow Nebula more
time to complete the Business Combination.

 




    4
     
    

 

Set forth below are the final voting
results for the Charter Amendment;

Charter Amendment

The Charter Amendment was approved.
The voting results of the shares of the Common Stock were as follows:



    For
     
     
    Against
     
     
    Abstentions
    

     
    28,893,082
     
     
     
    14,200
     
     
     
    368,597
    

 

10,997,246 shares of Common Stock were
redeemed in connection with the Stockholder Meeting and the Extension Meeting.

Item 7.01.	Regulation FD Disclosure.

 

Nebula expects the Business Combination
and related transactions (the “Proposed Transactions”) to close on or about June 10, 2020.
ParentCo’s common stock is expected to commence trading on the Nasdaq Global Market under the new ticker symbol
“LPRO” on the day following the closing of the Business Combination.

 

Important Information and Where to Find It

 

In connection with the Proposed Transactions,
Nebula filed the Proxy Statement with the SEC on May 22, 2020. A full description of the terms of the Proposed Transactions are
provided in the Proxy Statement, which also constitutes a prospectus of ParentCo. Investors and security holders and other interested
parties are urged to read the Proxy Statement and any other documents filed with the SEC, carefully and in their entirety because
they contain important information about Nebula, Open Lending and the Proposed Transactions. Investors and security holders may
obtain free copies of the Proxy Statement and other documents filed with the SEC by Nebula through the website maintained by the
SEC at http://www.sec.gov, or by directing a request to: Nebula Acquisition Corporation, Four Embarcadero Center, Suite 2100, San
Francisco, CA 94111.

 




    5
     
    

 

Forward-Looking Statements

 

This Current Report on Form 8-K includes certain statements that
are not historical facts but are forward-looking statements for purposes of the safe harbor provisions under the United States
Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Forward-looking statements generally are accompanied by words such as “believe,”
“may,” “will,” “estimate,” “continue,” “anticipate,” “intend,”
“expect,” “should,” “would,” “plan,” “predict,” “potential,”
“seem,” “seek,” “future,” “outlook,” and similar expressions that predict or indicate
future events or trends or that are not statements of historical matters. These forward-looking statements include, but are not
limited to, statements regarding Nebula and Open Lending’s ability to consummate the Proposed Transactions; the expected
timing of completion of the Proposed Transactions and the timing of the expected commencement of the trading of the combined company’s
common stock on the Nasdaq Global Market. These statements are based on various assumptions and on the current expectations of
Open Lending and Nebula’s management and are not predictions of actual performance. These forward-looking statements are
provided for illustrative purposes only and are not intended to serve as, and must not be relied on by any investor as, a guarantee,
an assurance, a prediction or a definitive statement of fact or probability. Actual events and circumstances are difficult or impossible
to predict and will differ from assumptions. Many actual events and circumstances are beyond the control of Open Lending and Nebula.
These forward looking statements are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties, including general economic, financial, legal,
political and business conditions and changes in domestic and foreign markets; the potential effects of COVID-19; the potential
effects of domestic civil unrest and the potential closure of government offices, the inability of the parties to successfully
or timely consummate the Proposed Transactions or to satisfy the other conditions to the closing of the Proposed Transactions,
and those factors discussed in the Proxy Statement under the heading “Risk Factors,” and other documents of Nebula
filed, or to be filed, with the SEC. If the risks materialize or assumptions prove incorrect, actual results could differ materially
from the results implied by these forward-looking statements. There may be additional risks that Nebula or Open Lending presently
do not know or that Open Lending and Nebula currently believe are immaterial that could also cause actual results to differ from
those contained in the forward-looking statements. In addition, forward-looking statements reflect Open Lending’s and Nebula’s
expectations, plans or forecasts of future events and views as of the date of this Current Report on Form 8-K. Open Lending and
Nebula anticipate that subsequent events and developments will cause their assessments to change. However, while Open Lending and
Nebula may elect to update these forward-looking statements at some point in the future, Open Lending and Nebula specifically disclaim
any obligation to do so. These forward-looking statements should not be relied upon as representing Open Lending or Nebula’s
assessments as of any date subsequent to the date of this Current Report on Form 8-K. Accordingly, undue reliance should not be
placed upon the forward-looking statements.

 

Item 8.01.	Other Events.

 

See Item 7.01.

 




    6
     
    

 

SIGNATURE

Pursuant to the
requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the
undersigned hereunto duly authorized.



     
    
        NEBULA ACQUISITION CORPORATION
         

     
    By:     /s/ Adam H. Clammer	

     
    	Name:	Adam H. Clammer
	Title:	Co-Chief Executive Officer

 

Date:	June 9, 2020

 


    7
    

 










