
8-K
1
tm1924293d1_8k.htm
FORM 8-K



     





 



UNITED
STATES
SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION
Washington, D.C. 20549

 

FORM 8-K 

CURRENT REPORT

PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE
SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

 

Date of Report (Date of earliest event
reported): December 2, 2019

 

 



 

 

NEW FRONTIER CORPORATION

(Exact name of registrant as specified in
its charter)

 



 



 



    Cayman Islands
    001-38562
    N/A

    (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation)
    (Commission File Number)
    (IRS Employer Identification No.)

 

23rd Floor, 299 QRC

287-299 Queen’s Road Central

Hong Kong



(Address of principal executive offices,
including zip code)

 

Registrant’s telephone number, including
area code: 852-6491-9230

 

Not Applicable
(Former name or former address, if changed since last report)

 



 

 



Check the appropriate
box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the
following provisions:

 



     
    ¨
    Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

     
    x
    Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

     
    ¨
    Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

     
    ¨
    Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

 



    Title of each class
    Trading Symbol(s)
    Name of each exchange on which registered

    Units, each consisting of one Class A ordinary share and one-half of one warrant
    NFC.U
    New York Stock Exchange

    Class A Ordinary Shares, $0.0001 par value
    NFC
    New York Stock Exchange

    Warrants, each exercisable for one Class A ordinary share
    NFC WS
    New York Stock Exchange

 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (§230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2
of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (§240.12b-2 of this chapter).

Emerging
growth company x

 

If
an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period
for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. ¨



 





     
     
    

 

Item 8.01. Other Events.

 

On December 2, 2019,
New Frontier Corporation (the “Company”) issued a press release announcing that it will hold its extraordinary general
meeting (the “Extraordinary General Meeting”) relating to the previously announced Business Combination (the “Business
Combination”) with United Family Healthcare (“UFH”) on Thursday, December 12, 2019 at 9:00 a.m. Eastern Time
at the offices of Winston & Strawn LLP, located at 200 Park Avenue, New York, New York.

 

Shareholders of record
as of the close of business on November 19, 2019 (the “Record Date”) will be entitled to receive notice of and to vote
at the Extraordinary General Meeting. In connection with the Extraordinary General Meeting, the Company’s shareholders who
wish to exercise their redemption rights must do so no later than 5:00 p.m. Eastern Time on December 10, 2019 by following the
procedures specified in the definitive proxy statement for the Extraordinary General Meeting.

 

A copy of the press
release is attached as Exhibit 99.1 to this Current Report on Form 8-K and incorporated herein by reference.

 

Important Information About the Business Combination and
Where to Find It

 

In connection with the proposed Business
Combination, the Company filed a definitive proxy statement (the “Proxy Statement”) with the U.S. Securities and Exchange
Commission (the “SEC”). The Company will mail the definitive proxy statement and other relevant documents to its shareholders
of record as of the Record Date. The Company’s shareholders and other interested persons are advised to read the definitive
proxy statement as it contains important information about the Company, UFH and the Business Combination. Shareholders may
obtain copies of the definitive proxy statement and other documents filed with the SEC, without charge, at the SEC’s web
site at www.sec.gov, or by directing a request to: New Frontier Corporation, 23rd Floor, 299 QRC 287-299, Queen’s Road Central,
Hong Kong, Attention: Harry Chang, or by telephone at (852) 3703-3251.

 

Participants in the Solicitation

 

The Company and UFH and their respective
directors and executive officers may be deemed participants in the solicitation of proxies from the Company’s shareholders
with respect to the Business Combination. A list of the names of those directors and executive officers and a description of their
interests in the Company, UFH and the Business Combination is contained in the definitive proxy statement for the Business Combination,
which was filed with the SEC on November 27, 2019 and is available free of charge at the SEC's web site at www.sec.gov, or by directing
a request to: New Frontier Corporation, 23rd Floor, 299 QRC 287-299, Queen’s Road Central, Hong Kong, Attention: Harry Chang,
or by telephone at (852) 3703-3251.

 

Information Concerning Forward-Looking Statements

 

The Company makes forward-looking
statements in this report within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These forward-looking statements
relate to expectations or forecasts for future events. These statements may be preceded by, followed by or include the words “estimates,”
 “projected,” “expects,” “anticipates,” “forecasts,” “plans,” “intends,”
 “believes,” “seeks,” “may,” “will,” “should,” “future,”
 “propose” and variations of these words or similar expressions (or the negative versions of such words or expressions)
are intended to identify forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance,
conditions or results, and involve a number of known and unknown risks, uncertainties, assumptions and other important factors,
many of which are outside the Company’s or UFH’s control, that could cause actual results or outcomes to differ materially
from those discussed in the forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements include, without limitation, the Company’s
and UFH’s expectations with respect to the timing of the Extraordinary Meeting, the satisfaction of the closing conditions
of the Business Combination and the timing of the completion of the Business Combination. Important factors, among others, that
may affect actual results or outcomes include the inability to complete the Business Combination (including due to the failure
to receive required shareholder approvals, or the failure of other closing conditions); the inability to recognize the anticipated
benefits of the proposed Business Combination; the inability to meet the listing requirements of the New York Stock Exchange; costs
related to the Business Combination; UFH’s ability to manage growth; UFH’s ability to execute its business plan and
meet its projections; UFH’s ability to identify, consummate and integrate acquisitions; rising costs adversely affecting
UFH’s profitability; potential litigation involving the Company or UFH, or after the closing, the post-business combination
company; general economic and market conditions impacting demand for UFH’s services, and in particular economic and market
conditions in the Chinese healthcare industry and changes in the rules and regulations that apply to such business, including as
it relates to foreign investments in such businesses; and such other risks and uncertainties as are discussed in the definitive
proxy statement relating to the Business Combination, including those under “Risk Factors” therein, and in the Company’s
other filings with the SEC. None of the Company or UFH undertakes any obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements,
whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, except as required by law.

 




     
     
    

 

No Offer or Solicitation

 

This Current Report on Form 8-K shall not
constitute a solicitation of a proxy, consent or authorization with respect to any securities or in respect of the Business Combination.
This Current Report on Form 8-K shall also not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy any securities,
nor shall there be any sale of securities in any states or jurisdictions in which such offer, solicitation or sale would be unlawful
prior to registration or qualification under the securities laws of any such jurisdiction. No offering of securities shall be made
except by means of a prospectus meeting the requirements of section 10 of the Securities Act.

 

Item 9.01 Financial Statements and
Exhibits.

 


(d)Exhibits.

 



    Exhibit No.
     
    Description

    99.1
     
    Press Release, dated December 2, 2019.





 

 




     
     
    

 

SIGNATURE

 

Pursuant to the requirements
of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned,
hereunto duly authorized.

 



     
    New Frontier Corporation

     
     

     
    By:
    /s/ Carl Wu

    Dated: December 2, 2019
     
    Name: Carl Wu

     
     
    Title: Chief Executive Officer

 

 



 

 

 

 

 

 

 




     
    






