
8-K
1
f8k111819_dd3acqui.htm
FORM 8-K



     





 



UNITED STATES
SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION
Washington, D.C. 20549

FORM
8-K

CURRENT
REPORT

Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d)
of the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934

Date
of report (Date of earliest event reported): November 18, 2019

DD3 Acquisition Corp.
(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)



 





    British Virgin Islands
(State or other jurisdiction
of incorporation)
    001-38700
(Commission File Number)
    N/A
(I.R.S. Employer
Identification No.)





 





    
        c/o DD3 Mex Acquisition Corp
        Pedregal 24, 4th Floor
        Colonia Molino del Rey, Del. Miguel Hidalgo
        Mexico City, Mexico 
        (Address of principal executive offices)
    
         
         
         
        11040
        (Zip Code)





 



+52 (55) 8647-0417
(Registrant’s telephone number, including area code)

Not Applicable
(Former name or former address, if changed since last report)





  



Check the appropriate
box below if the Form 8-K is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following
provisions:


☒Written communications pursuant
to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)



☐Soliciting material pursuant
to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)



☐Pre-commencement communications
pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))



☐Pre-commencement communications
pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))


Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b)
of the Act:

 



    Title of each class
     
    Trading Symbol(s)
     
    Name of each exchange on which registered

    Units, each consisting of one Ordinary 
Share and one Warrant
     
    DDMXU
     
    The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC

    Ordinary Shares, no par value per share
     
    DDMX
     
    The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC

    Warrants, each warrant exercisable
    for one Ordinary 
    Share at an exercise price of $11.50
     
    DDMXW
     
    The Nasdaq Stock Market
    LLC


Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (§230.405
of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (§240.12b-2 of this chapter).

Emerging growth
company  ☒

If an
emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying
with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act.  ☐

 

 




     
     
    

 

Item 7.01. Regulation FD Disclosure

Attached as Exhibit
99.1 to this Current Report on Form 8-K and incorporated herein by reference is an updated form of presentation to be used by
DD3 Acquisition Corp. (“DD3”) in presentations for certain of DD3’s shareholders and other persons in connection
with DD3’s proposed business combination (the “Transaction”) with Betterware de México, S.A. de C.V.,
a Mexican sociedad anónima de capital variable (“Betterware”). Such exhibit and the information set
forth therein shall not be deemed to be filed for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the
“Exchange Act”), or otherwise be subject to the liabilities of that section, nor shall it be deemed to be incorporated
by reference in any filing under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Exchange Act.

Additional Information

In connection with
the proposed Transaction, Betterware filed a registration statement on Form F-4 (File No. 333-233982) (the “Registration
Statement”) with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the “SEC”) on September 27, 2019 that includes
a preliminary proxy statement of DD3 that also constitutes a preliminary prospectus of Betterware in respect of the securities
to be issued in the Transaction. Betterware subsequently filed Amendment No. 1 to the Registration Statement on November 7, 2019.
Also in connection with the proposed Transaction, Betterware filed a registration statement on Form F-1 (File No. 333-234692) with
the SEC on November 14, 2019. DD3 will mail a definitive proxy statement/prospectus and other relevant documents to the shareholders
of DD3. Shareholders of DD3 and other interested persons are advised to read, when available, the preliminary proxy statement/prospectus,
and amendments thereto, and definitive proxy statement/prospectus in connection with DD3’s solicitation of proxies for the
special meeting to be held to approve the Transaction because these documents will contain important information about DD3, Betterware
and the Transaction. The definitive proxy statement/prospectus will be mailed to shareholders of DD3 as of a record date to be
established for voting on the Transaction. Shareholders will also be able to obtain copies of the proxy statement/prospectus, without
charge, once available, at the SEC’s Internet site at http://www.sec.gov or by directing a request to: DD3 Acquisition Corp.,
c/o DD3 Mex Acquisition Corp, Pedregal 24, 4th Floor, Colonia Molino del Rey, Del. Miguel Hidalgo, 11040 Mexico City, Mexico, or
by calling +52 (55) 8647-0417.

Participants in the Solicitation

DD3, Betterware
and their respective directors and executive officers may be considered participants in the solicitation of proxies with respect
to the proposed Transaction under the rules of the SEC. Information about the directors and executive officers of DD3 is set forth
in its Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended June 30, 2019, which was filed with the SEC on September 20, 2019.

Additional information
regarding the persons who may, under the rules of the SEC, be deemed participants in the solicitation of the shareholders in connection
with the proposed Transaction will be set forth in the definitive proxy statement/prospectus for the Transaction when available.
These documents can be obtained free of charge from the sources indicated above.

Non-Solicitation

This communication
is not a proxy statement or solicitation of a proxy, consent or authorization with respect to any securities or in respect of the
proposed Transaction and shall not constitute an offer to sell or a solicitation of an offer to buy the securities of DD3 or Betterware,
nor shall there be any sale of any such securities in any state or jurisdiction in which such offer, solicitation, or sale would
be unlawful prior to registration or qualification under the securities laws of such state or jurisdiction. No offer of securities
shall be made except by means of a definitive document.

 


    2 
     
    



Forward-looking Statements

This communication
includes certain statements that are not historical facts but are forward-looking statements for purposes of the safe harbor provisions
under the United States Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Forward-looking statements generally are accompanied
by words such as “believe,” “may,” “will,” “estimate,” “continue,”
“anticipate,” “intend,” “expect,” “should,” “would,” “plan,”
“predict,” “potential,” “seem,” “seek,” “future,” “outlook,”
and similar expressions that predict or indicate future events or trends or that are not statements of historical matters. These
forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to, statements regarding projections, estimates and forecasts of revenue
and other financial and performance metrics and projections of market opportunity and expectations, and the closing of the proposed
Transaction. These statements are based on various assumptions and on the current expectations of DD3 and Betterware management
and are not predictions of actual performance. These forward-looking statements are provided for illustrative purposes only and
are not intended to serve as, and must not be relied on by any investor as, a guarantee, an assurance, a prediction or a definitive
statement of fact or probability. Actual events and circumstances are difficult or impossible to predict and will differ from assumptions.
Many actual events and circumstances are beyond the control of DD3 and Betterware. These forward-looking statements are subject
to a number of risks and uncertainties, including changes in Betterware’s clients’ preferences, prospects and the competitive
conditions prevailing in the industries in which Betterware operates; the inability of the parties to successfully or timely
consummate the proposed Transaction, including the risk that any required regulatory approvals are not obtained, are delayed or
are subject to unanticipated conditions that could adversely affect the combined company or the expected benefits of the proposed
Transaction or that the approval of the shareholders of DD3 for the proposed Transaction is not obtained; failure to realize
the anticipated benefits of the proposed Transaction, including as a result of a delay in consummating the proposed Transaction
or a delay or difficulty in integrating the businesses of DD3 and Betterware; the amount of redemption requests made by DD3’s
shareholders; the ability to meet Nasdaq’s listing standards following the consummation of the proposed Transaction;
those factors discussed in DD3’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended June 30, 2019 under the heading “Risk
Factors,” and other documents of DD3 filed, or to be filed, with the SEC. If the risks materialize or assumptions prove incorrect,
actual results could differ materially from the results implied by these forward-looking statements. There may be additional risks
that neither DD3 nor Betterware presently know or that DD3 and Betterware currently believe are immaterial that could also cause
actual results to differ from those contained in the forward-looking statements. In addition, forward-looking statements reflect
DD3’s and Betterware’s expectations, plans or forecasts of future events and views as of the date of this Current Report
on Form 8-K. DD3 and Betterware anticipate that subsequent events and developments will cause DD3’s and Betterware’s
assessments to change. However, while DD3 and Betterware may elect to update these forward-looking statements at some point in
the future, DD3 and Betterware specifically disclaim any obligation to do so. These forward-looking statements should not be relied
upon as representing DD3’s and Betterware’s assessments as of any date subsequent to the date of this Current Report
on Form 8-K. Accordingly, undue reliance should not be placed upon the forward-looking statements.

Item 8.01. Other Events.

See Item 7.01.

Item 9.01. Financial Statements and Exhibits.

(d)       Exhibits.



    Exhibit No.
     
    Exhibit

    99.1
     
    Form of Investor Presentation

 




    3 
     
    



SIGNATURE

Pursuant to the
requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by
the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.



     
    DD3
    Acquisition Corp. 
     

     
     
     
     

     
    By:  
    /s/
    Daniel Salim
     

     
     
    Name: Daniel Salim
     

     
     
    Title: Chief Financial Officer
     

     
     
     
     





Date:	November 18, 2019

 

 



 

 








