
8-K
1
ea122063-8k_gordonpointe.htm
CURRENT REPORT



     





 

 

UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington, D.C. 20549

 

FORM 8-K

 

CURRENT REPORT

 

PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE
SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

 

Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported):
May 14, 2020

 

GORDON POINTE ACQUISITION CORP.

(Exact name of registrant as specified in
its charter)

 



    Delaware
     
    001-38363
     
    82-1270173

    (State or other jurisdiction
of incorporation)
     
    (Commission
File Number)
     
    (IRS Employer
Identification No.)

 

780 Fifth Avenue South

Naples, FL 34102

(Address of principal executive offices,
including zip code)

 

Registrant’s telephone number, including
area code: (412) 960-4687

 

Not Applicable
(Former name or former address, if changed since last report)

 

Check the appropriate
box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the
following provisions:

 



    ☐
    Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

     
     

    ☒
    Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

     
     

    ☐
    Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

     
     

    ☐
    Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

 

Securities registered pursuant to Section
12(b) of the Act:

 



    Title of each class
     
    Trading Symbol(s)
     
    
        Name of each exchange on
        which registered

    Units, each consisting of one share of Class A common stock, $0.0001 par value, and one Warrant
     
    GPAQU
     
    Nasdaq Capital Market

    Class A common stock, $0.0001 par value per share
     
    GPAQ
     
    Nasdaq Capital Market

    Warrants to purchase Class A common stock
     
    GPAQW
     
    Nasdaq Capital Market

 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (§230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2
of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (§240.12b-2 of this chapter).

 

Emerging growth company ☒

 

If an emerging growth company, indicate
by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial
accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. ☐

 



 

 




     
     
    

 

Item 1.01. Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement.

 

Amendment No. 4 to Investment Management Trust Agreement


 

On May 14, 2020, Gordon
Pointe Acquisition Corp. (the “Company”) and Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company (“Continental”)
entered into Amendment No. 4 to the Investment Management Trust Agreement, dated as of January 24, 2018, as amended by Amendment
No. 1 to the Investment Management Trust Agreement, dated as of July 26, 2019, Amendment No. 2 to the Investment Management Trust
Agreement, dated as of January 24, 2020 and Amendment No. 3 to the Investment Management Trust Agreement, dated as of March 30,
2020 (the “Trust Amendment”), pursuant to which the date on which Continental must liquidate the trust account which
was established in connection with the Company’s initial public offering (the “IPO”), in the event the Company
has not consummated its initial business combination, was extended from May 14, 2020 to June 15, 2020, plus an option for the Company
to further extend for an additional 30 days to July 15, 2020 (the latest such date being referred to as the “Extended Date”).
The Trust Amendment was approved by the Company’s stockholders at a Special Meeting of Stockholders held on May 14, 2020
(the “Special Meeting”).

 

The foregoing description
of the Trust Amendment does not purport to be complete and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the full text of the Trust
Amendment, a copy of which is attached hereto as Exhibit 10.1 and is incorporated herein by reference.

 

Item 5.03 Amendments to Articles of Incorporation or
Bylaws; Change in Fiscal Year. 

 

On May 14, 2020, the
Company filed with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware an amendment (the “Extension Amendment”) to the
Company’s Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation, as previously amended, pursuant to which the date by which the
Company must consummate its initial business combination was extended from May 14, 2020 to the Extended Date (the “Extension”).
The Extension Amendment was approved by the Company’s stockholders at the Special Meeting and became effective upon the filing
thereof with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware.

 

The foregoing description
of the Extension Amendment does not purport to be complete and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the full text of the
Extension Amendment, a copy of which is attached hereto as Exhibit 3.1 and is incorporated herein by reference.

 

Item 5.07 Submission of Matters
to a Vote of Security Holders. 

 

The results of voting
on the proposals submitted to a vote of the Company’s stockholders at the Special Meeting, held on May 14, 2020, were as
follows:

 

Proposal No. 1

 

The Extension Amendment was approved as
follows:

 



    For
     
    Against
     
    Abstain
     
    Broker Non-Votes

    5,863,406
     
    63,136
     
    0
     
    0

 

Proposal No. 2

 

The Trust Amendment was approved as follows:

 



    For
     
    Against
     
    Abstain
     
    Broker Non-Votes

    5,863,406
     
    63,136
     
    0
     
    0

 

Item 7.01 Regulation FD Disclosure. 

 

In connection with
the Extension, stockholders elected to redeem 658,072 shares of the Company’s Class A common stock issued in the IPO, par
value $0.0001 per share (the “public shares”). As of May 15, 2020, following such redemptions and the deposit of the
initial Contribution described below, the amount of funds remaining in the trust account is approximately $31.06 million. Accordingly,
the pro rata portion of the funds available is approximately $10.81 per public share. Further, following such redemptions, the
Company had 5,998,444 shares of common stock issued and outstanding, consisting of 2,873,444 public shares and 3,125,000 Class
F common shares.

 

As indicated in the
Company’s proxy materials relating to the Special Meeting, the Company’s sponsor had agreed that the sponsor would
contribute to the Company, as a loan for deposit into the Company’s trust account, $0.04 for each public share that was not
redeemed in connection with the stockholder vote to approve the extension of the deadline to June 15, 2020, plus an additional
$0.04 per public share if the Company elects to further extend the deadline for 30 days to July 15, 2020 (each, a “Contribution”).
Accordingly, on May 14, 2020, the Company’s sponsor delivered the first Contribution in the amount of $114,937.76 to the
Company, which amount was deposited into the Company’s trust account. If the Company elects to further extend the deadline
for an additional 30 days, the second Contribution will be deposited in the Trust Account within two business days prior to the
beginning of such 30-day period.

 




    1
     
    

 

The information in
this Item 7.01 is being furnished and shall not be deemed “filed” for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the “Exchange Act”), or otherwise subject to the liabilities of that section, nor
shall it be deemed incorporated by reference in any filing under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Exchange Act, except
as expressly set forth by specific reference in such filing.

 

Additional Information

 

In connection with
the proposed business combination between the Company and HOF Village, LLC (“HOFV”), the Company’s wholly-owned
subsidiary GPAQ Acquisition Holdings, Inc. (“Holdings”) has filed with the SEC Post-Effective Amendment No. 2 to Registration
Statement on Form S-4, which was declared effective on March 24, 2020, for the Holdings securities to be issued to the security
holders of the Company and the members of HOF Village Newco, LLC at the closing of the business combination, which includes a proxy
statement/prospectus and other documents concerning the proposed business combination and related matters (the “Registration
Statement and Merger Proxy Statement”). Investors and security holders are advised to read the Registration Statement
and the Merger Proxy Statement, and amendments thereto and the definitive proxy statements, when available, which will contain
important information about the proposed extension and the proposed business combination and the parties to it. The Registration
Statement and definitive Merger Proxy Statement will be mailed to stockholders of the Company as of a record date to be established
for voting on the proposed business combination. Stockholders will also be able to obtain copies of the Registration Statement
and Merger Proxy Statement, without charge, at the SEC’s website at www.sec.gov or by directing a request to: Gordon Pointe
Acquisition Corp., 780 Fifth Avenue South, Naples, FL 34102.

 

Forward-Looking Statements

 

Certain statements
made herein are “forward-looking statements” within the meaning of the “safe harbor” provisions of the
Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Forward-looking statements may be identified by the use of words such as “anticipate”,
“believe”, “expect”, “estimate”, “plan”, “outlook”, and “project”
and other similar expressions that predict or indicate future events or trends or that are not statements of historical matters.
Such forward-looking statements include timing of the proposed merger; the business plans, objectives, expectations and intentions
of the parties once the transaction is complete, and Holding’s, the Company’s and HOFV’s estimated and future
results of operations, business strategies, competitive position, industry environment and potential growth opportunities, relating
to the acquired business. These forward-looking statements reflect the current analysis of existing information and are subject
to various risks and uncertainties. As a result, caution must be exercised in relying on forward-looking statements. Due to known
and unknown risks, our actual results may differ materially from our expectations or projections. The following factors, among
others, could cause actual results to differ materially from those described in these forward-looking statements: the impact of
the Coronavirus on GPAQ and HOFV, the occurrence of any event, change or other circumstances that could give rise to the termination
of the Merger Agreement and the proposed transaction contemplated thereby; the inability to complete the transactions contemplated
by the Merger Agreement due to the failure to obtain approval of the stockholders of the Company or other conditions to closing
in the Merger Agreement; the outcome of any legal proceedings that have been, or will be, instituted against the Company or other
parties to the Merger Agreement following announcement of the Merger Agreement and transactions contemplated therein; the ability
of Holding’s to meet NASDAQ listing standards following the merger and in connection with the consummation thereof; the failure
to obtain the financing arrangements necessary to complete the development of the project; the failure to achieve the assumptions
underlying certain of the financial projections included within the investor presentation including, among others, securing the
timely financing for, and achieving construction of, the second phase of the project within assumed time and financial budget,
and achieving expected attendance and occupancy rates; risks that the proposed transaction disrupts current plans and operations
and the potential difficulties in employee retention as a result of the announcement of the Merger Agreement and consummation of
the transaction described therein; costs related to the proposed merger and the impact of the substantial indebtedness to be incurred
to finance the consummation of the merger; changes in applicable laws or regulations; the ability of the combined company to meet
its financial and strategic goals, due to, among other things, competition, the ability of the combined company to grow and manage
growth profitability, maintain relationships with customers and retain its key employees; the possibility that the combined company
may be adversely affected by other economic, business, and/or competitive factors; and other risks and uncertainties described
herein, as well as those risks and uncertainties discussed from time to time in other reports and other public filings with the
SEC by the Company and Holdings.

  

Participants in the Solicitation

 

The Company, Holdings,
HOFV, Newco and their respective directors, executive officers and other members of their management and employees, under SEC rules,
may be deemed to be participants in the solicitation of proxies of the Company’s stockholders in connection with the proposed
business combination. Investors and security holders may obtain more detailed information regarding the names, affiliations and
interests in the Company’s directors in its Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2019, which
was filed with the SEC on March 10, 2020, and also in the Registration Statement on Form S-4 filed with the SEC and declared effective
on February 14, 2020, as amended by Post-Effective Amendment No. 2 to Registration Statement filed with the SEC and declared effective
on March 24, 2020, which includes the proxy statement/prospectus of the Company for the proposed transaction. Information regarding
the persons who may, under SEC rules, be deemed participants in the solicitation of proxies to the Company’s stockholders
in connection with the proposed business combination, and information concerning the interests of the Company’s and Newco’s
participants in the solicitation, which may, in some cases, be different than those of the Company’s and Newco’s equity
holders generally, is set forth in the Post-Effective Amendment No. 2 to Registration Statement.

 




    2
     
    

 

Non-Solicitation

 

This communication
is not a proxy statement or solicitation of a proxy, consent or authorization with respect to any securities or in respect of the
proposed transaction and shall not constitute an offer to sell or a solicitation of an offer to buy any securities, nor shall
there be any sale of any such securities in any state or jurisdiction in which such offer, solicitation, or sale would be unlawful
prior to registration or qualification under the securities laws of such state or jurisdiction. No offer of securities shall be
made except by means of a prospectus meeting the requirements of Section 10 of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended.

 

 Item 9.01 Financial Statements and Exhibits.

 

(d) Exhibits

 



    Exhibit
    Number
     
    Description

     
     
     

    3.1
     
    Amendment No. 4 to Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of Gordon Pointe Acquisition Corp.

     
     
     

    10.1
     
    Amendment No. 4, dated as of May 14, 2020, to the Investment Management Trust Agreement, dated as of January 24, 2018, as amended, by and between Gordon Pointe Acquisition Corp. and Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company

 




    3
     
    

 

SIGNATURE

 

Pursuant to the requirements
of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned
hereunto duly authorized.

 



     
    GORDON POINTE ACQUISITION CORP.

     
     
     

     
    By:
    /s/ James J. Dolan

     
     
    Name: James J. Dolan

     
     
    Title: Chief Executive Officer

     
     
     

    Dated: May 19, 2020
     
     

 

 

4

 



 

 

 








