
8-K
1
f8k051419_kblmerger.htm
CURRENT REPORT



     



 

 

 



UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549

  

FORM 8-K

 

CURRENT REPORT

PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF
THE

SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

 

Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported): May
14, 2019

 

KBL MERGER CORP. IV

(Exact Name of Registrant as Specified in Charter)

 



    Delaware
     
    001-38105
     
    81-3832378

    (State or Other Jurisdiction
of Incorporation)
     
    (Commission
File Number)
     
    (IRS Employer
Identification No.)

 



    
        527 Stanton Christian Road
        Newark, DE 19713
     
    19713

    (Address of Principal Executive Offices)
     
    (Zip Code)

 

Registrant’s telephone number, including
area code: (302) 502-2727

 

Not Applicable

(Former Name or Former Address, if Changed Since
Last Report)

 

Check the appropriate box below
if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following
provisions (see General Instruction A.2. below):

 

☐    Written communications pursuant to
Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

 

☒    Soliciting
material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

 

☐    Pre-commencement communications pursuant
to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

 

☐    Pre-commencement communications pursuant
to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e 4(c))

 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth
company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (§230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934 (§240.12b-2 of this chapter).

 

Emerging growth company  ☐

 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant
has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided
pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act.  ☐

 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b)
of the Act:



     Title of each class
     
    Trading Symbol(s)
     
    
        Name of each exchange on
        which registered

    Common Stock, par value $0.0001 per share
     
    KBLM
     
    The NASDAQ Stock Market LLC

    Warrants, each warrant exercisable for one-half of one share of Common Stock at an exercise price of $5.75 per half share
     
    KBLMW
     
    The NASDAQ Stock Market LLC

    Rights, exchangeable into one-tenth of one share of Common Stock
     
    KBLMR
     
    The NASDAQ Stock Market LLC

    Units, each consisting of one share of Common Stock, one Warrant and one Right
     
    KBLMU
     
    The NASDAQ Stock Market LLC



 



 

 

 




     
     
    

 

Item 7.01. Regulation FD Disclosure.

 

Attached as Exhibit 99.1 to this Current Report
on Form 8-K and incorporated into this Item 7.01 by reference is the investor presentation that will be used by KBL Merger Corp.
IV, a Delaware corporation (“KBL”), in making presentations to certain persons with respect to the transactions contemplated
by the non-binding term sheet described below.

 

The investor presentation attached as Exhibit
99.1 is being furnished and shall not be deemed to be filed for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934,
as amended (the “Exchange Act”), or otherwise be subject to the liabilities of that section, nor shall it be deemed
to be incorporated by reference in any filing under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Exchange Act.

 

Item 8.01. Other Events.

 

On May 14, 2019, KBL issued a
press release announcing the execution of a non-binding term sheet relating to a business combination (the
“Term Sheet”). The execution of the Term Sheet was previously disclosed in a Current Report on Form 8-K filed
with the SEC on April 16, 2019. KBL and KBL IV Sponsor, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (“Sponsor”),
entered into the Term Sheet for KBL’s initial business combination transaction (the “Transaction”) with
CannBioRx Life Sciences Corp., a Delaware corporation (the “CannBioRx”), Katexco Pharmaceuticals Corp., a
Canadian corporation (“Katexco”), CannBioRx Pharmaceuticals Corp., a Canadian corporation (“CBR
Pharma”), 180 Therapeutics, LP, a Delaware limited partnership (“180” and, together with Katexco and CBR
Pharma, the “Subsidiaries” and, together with CannBioRx , the “CannBioRx Parties”), and Tyche Capital LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, solely with respect to
the sections of the Term Sheet in which it is referred (“Tyche”), pursuant to which KBL will acquire 100% of the
outstanding equity and equity equivalents of CannBioRx (including options, warrants or other securities that have the right
to acquire or convert into equity securities of CannBioRx) (collectively, the “CannBioRx Securities”) in exchange
for shares of common stock of KBL (the “Transaction Shares”) valued at $175 million (the
“Valuation”), subject to adjustment as described below. Each Transaction Share will have a value equal to the
redemption amount payable to KBL’s public stockholders (the “Redemption Price”) that redeem their shares of
KBL common stock in connection with the closing of the Transaction (the “Closing”). The $175 million of
consideration will be (i) reduced by the amount of any indebtedness of CannBioRx Parties and (ii) increased by the amount of
any cash of the CannBioRx Parties, in either case, as of the Closing. In addition, the Valuation will be verified prior to
the signing of a definitive agreement governing the Transaction (a “Definitive Agreement”) by an investment bank
reasonably acceptable to KBL, CannBioRx and Tyche. It is contemplated that CannBioRx will not be acquiring the shares of the
Canadian shareholders in Katexco and CannBio Pharma. Those shareholders will continue to hold exchangeable shares in a
Canadian holdco of CannBioRx that are exchangeable for common stock of CannBioRx and ultimately, upon closing of the business
combination, exchangeable for shares of common stock of KBL.

 

The Term Sheet is intended to express only a
mutual indication of interest in the Transaction and does not represent a legally binding commitment or obligation on the part
of the parties, and there can be no assurances that the Transaction will be consummated. The obligation of the parties will be
subject to execution of a Definitive Agreement containing terms and conditions satisfactory to KBL and CannBioRx.

 

Prior to, or simultaneously with the Closing,
CannBioRx and the Subsidiaries will engage in a corporate restructuring pursuant to which each of the Subsidiaries, along with
a new Canadian corporation and a Cayman Island company will become wholly-owned subsidiaries of CannBioRx.

 

Prior to signing a Definitive Agreement, the
parties have agreed to ensure that KBL will have at least $40 million in cash available at the Closing either through backstop
commitment or financing arrangements.

 

In connection with the entry into the Term Sheet,
the CannBioRx Parties deposited in escrow as a loan, $400,000 to be used by KBL to fund its operating expenses, deal transaction
expenses and any financing expenses for the Transaction (the “Operating Expenses”). In addition, the CannBioRx Parties
agreed to deposit in escrow as a loan up to an additional $300,000 to be used by KBL in connection with any future extensions of
the deadline for KBL to consummate its initial business combination (the “Extension Expenses”). The loans are interest-free
unsecured loans and can be pre-paid at any time without penalty, but are required to be repaid (subject to a customary waiver against
KBL’s trust account) upon the earlier of (i) the closing of the Transaction, (ii) the consummation by KBL of a transaction
with a third party constituting KBL’s initial business combination (an “Alternative Business Combination”), or
(iii) the liquidation of KBL if it does not consummate an initial business combination prior to its deadline to do so (a “Liquidation”).

 




    1 
     
    

 

Each of KBL and the CannBioRx Parties also agreed
that until June 10, 2019 (subject to earlier termination as described below, the “Exclusivity Period”), such party
will not, and will cause its representatives not to, directly or indirectly, solicit or initiate or enter into discussions, negotiations,
letters of intent, agreements or transactions with, or encourage, or provide any information to, any person or entity (other than
the other party) concerning any Alternative Transaction (as defined below), or make any filing with any governmental authority
with respect thereto. For purposes of the Term Sheet, an “Alternative Transaction” means (i) with respect to the CannBioRx
Parties, any transaction with respect to the direct or indirect sale, transfer, license or other disposition of any Company Party
or its subsidiaries, or their respective equity interests, business or material assets (outside of the ordinary course of business),
whether by purchase, merger, consolidation, recapitalization, exclusive license or otherwise, or any similar transaction that would
reasonably be expected to prohibit, impair or materially delay the proposed Transaction and (ii) with respect to KBL, a business
combination. Each of KBL and the CannBioRx Parties also agreed to immediately suspend any pre-existing discussion with all parties
other than the other party and its affiliates regarding any solicitation or offer for an Alternative Transaction. Notwithstanding
the foregoing, either KBL or CannBioRx may terminate the Exclusivity Period immediately in the event that the other party (i) abandons
discussions regarding the proposed Transaction or otherwise fails to continue to negotiate the proposed Transaction with such terminating
party in good faith, or (ii) notifies such terminating party that it no longer desires or intends to pursue or consummate the proposed
Transaction; provided that if CannBioRx terminates the Exclusivity Period early pursuant to the foregoing clauses (i) or (ii),
(A) any remaining funds deposited by the CannBioRx Parties into escrow shall be immediately released back to the CannBioRx Parties
as a prepayment of the aforementioned loans and (B) any obligations of the CannBioRx Parties to fund additional amounts pursuant
to the Term Sheet and of Tyche to participate in a financing shall terminate and be of no further force and effect.

 

The press release of KBL is attached as Exhibit 99.2 hereto and is incorporated into this Item 8.01 by reference.

 




    2 
     
    

  

Forward-Looking Statements

 

Certain statements made herein are “forward-looking
statements” within the meaning of U.S. federal securities laws. Words such as “expect,” “estimate,”
“project,” “budget,” “forecast,” “anticipate,” “intend,” “plan,”
“may,” “will,” “could,” “should,” “believes,” “predicts,”
“potential,” “continue” and similar expressions are intended to identify such forward-looking statements.
These forward-looking statements involve significant risks and uncertainties that could cause the actual results to differ materially
from the expected results and, consequently, you should not rely on these forward-looking statements as predictions of future events.
These forward-looking statements and factors that may cause such differences include, without limitation, KBL’s and CannBioRx
Life Sciences Corp.’s inability to enter into a definitive agreement with respect to the proposed business combination transaction
or to complete the transactions contemplated by the non-binding term sheet, matters discovered by the parties as they complete
their respective due diligence investigation of the other; the inability to recognize the anticipated benefits of the proposed
business combination, which may be affected by, among other things, the amount of cash available following any redemptions by KBL
stockholders; the ability to meet NASDAQ's listing standards following the consummation of the transactions contemplated by the
proposed business combination; costs related to the proposed business combination; expectations with respect to future performance,
growth and anticipated acquisitions; ability to recognize the anticipated benefits of the proposed business combination; the timing
of the completion of the proposed business combination; CannBioRx's ability to execute its plans to develop and market new drug
products and the timing and costs of these development programs; CannBioRx's estimates of the size of the markets for its potential
drug products; potential litigation involving KBL or CannBioRx or the validity or enforceability of CannBioRx's intellectual property;
global economic conditions; geopolitical events and regulatory changes; access to additional financing; and other risks and uncertainties
indicated from time to time in filings with the SEC. Other factors include the possibility that the proposed transaction does not
close, including due to the failure to receive required security holder approvals, or the failure of other closing conditions.
The foregoing list of factors is not exclusive. Additional information concerning these and other risk factors is contained in
KBL’s most recent filings with the SEC and will be contained in the proxy statement/prospectus to be filed as result of the
transactions described above. All subsequent written and oral forward-looking statements concerning KBL or CannBioRx Life Sciences
Corp., the transactions described herein or other matters and attributable to KBL or CannBioRx Life Sciences Corp. or any person
acting on their behalf are expressly qualified in their entirety by the cautionary statements above. Readers are cautioned not
to place undue reliance upon any forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date made. None of KBL or CannBioRx Life
Sciences Corp. undertake or accept any obligation or undertaking to release publicly any updates or revisions to any forward-looking
statement to reflect any change in their expectations or any change in events, conditions or circumstances on which any such statement
is based.

Additional Information and Where
to Find It

If a definitive agreement is entered
into and in connection with the proposed transactions described herein, KBL and CannBioRx Life Sciences Corp. will prepare a proxy
statement/prospectus for KBL’s stockholders and a registration statement on Form S-4 to be filed with the Securities and
Exchange Commission.  KBL’s proxy statement/prospectus will be mailed to KBL’s stockholders that do not opt to
receive the document electronically. KBL and CannBioRx Life Sciences Corp. urge investors, stockholders and other interested
persons to read, when available, the proxy statement/prospectus, as well as other documents filed with the SEC, because these documents
will contain important information about the proposed business combination transaction.  Such persons can also read KBL’s
Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2018, for a description of the security holdings of its
officers and directors and their respective interests as security holders in the consummation of the transactions described herein.
KBL’s definitive proxy statement/prospectus, which will also be included in the registration statement, will be mailed to
stockholders of KBL as of a record date to be established for voting on the transactions described in this report. KBL’s
stockholders will also be able to obtain a copy of such documents, without charge, by directing a request to: KBL Merger Corp.
IV, 150 West 56th Street, Suite 5901, New York, NY 10019; e-mail: admin@kblvc.com.  These documents, once available,
can also be obtained, without charge, at the Securities and Exchange Commission’s web site (http://www.sec.gov).

Participants in Solicitation

 KBL and its directors and
executive officers, may be deemed to be participants in the solicitation of proxies for the special meeting of KBL’s stockholders
to be held to approve the transactions described in this press release. Information regarding the persons who may, under the rules
of the SEC, be deemed participants in the solicitation of KBL’s stockholders in connection with the proposed transactions
will be set forth in the proxy statement/prospectus when it is filed with the SEC. You can find information about KBL’s executive
officers and directors in its Annual Report on Form 10-K, which was filed with the SEC on April 1, 2019. You can obtain free copies
of these documents from KBL using the contact information above.

Disclaimer

 This communication is not
a proxy statement or solicitation of a proxy, consent or authorization with respect to any securities or in respect of the proposed
transaction and shall not constitute an offer to sell or a solicitation of an offer to buy the securities of KBL and CannBioRx
Life Sciences Corp., nor shall there be any sale of any such securities in any state or jurisdiction in which such offer, solicitation,
or sale would be unlawful prior to registration or qualification under the securities laws of such state or jurisdiction. No offer
of securities shall be made except by means of a prospectus meeting the requirements of Section 10 of the Securities Act of 1933,
as amended.

 


    3 
     
    



 

Item 9.01. Financial Statements and Exhibits.

 

(d)       Exhibits

 



    Exhibit No.
     
    Description of Exhibits

    99.1
     
    Investor Presentation dated May 16, 2019

     
     
     

    99.2
     
    
        Press Release of KBL, dated May 14, 2019

 

 



    4 
     
    

 

SIGNATURE

 

Pursuant to the requirements
of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned
hereunto duly authorized.

  

Dated: May 16, 2019

 



    KBL MERGER CORP. IV
     

     
     
     

    By:
    /s/ Marlene Krauss, M.D.
     

     
    Name: Marlene Krauss, M.D.
     

     
    Title: Chief Executive Officer
     

 




    5 
    

 




