
8-K
1
tm2014949-1_8k.htm
FORM 8-K



     



 



 

 

UNITED
STATES
SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION
Washington, D.C. 20549

 

FORM
8-K

 

CURRENT
REPORT

 

Pursuant
to Section 13 or 15(d) of the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934

 

Date
of report (Date of earliest event reported): April 3, 2020

 

VectoIQ
Acquisition Corp.
(Exact Name of Registrant as Specified in Charter)

 



Delaware
(State or other jurisdiction of incorporation)
001-38495
(Commission File Number)
82-4151153
(I.R.S. Employer Identification Number)

 
 
 

1354 Flagler
Drive Mamaroneck, NY 
(Address of principal executive offices)
10543
 (Zip code)

 
 

 
(646)
                                         475-8506 (Registrant’s telephone number, including area code)
                                            
                                           Not
                                         Applicable (Former name or former address, if changed since last report)
 

 
 
 
 
 
 




Check
the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the Registrant
under any of the following provisions:

 

x           Written
communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

 

¨           Soliciting
material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

 

¨           Pre-commencement
communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

 

¨           Pre-commencement
communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

 

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

 



    Title
    of each class
     
    Trading
    Symbol(s)
     
    Name
    of each exchange on which registered

    Common
    Stock, par value $0.0001 per share
     
    VTIQ
     
    The
    Nasdaq Stock Market LLC

    Warrants
    to purchase one share of Common Stock
     
    VTIQW
     
    The
    Nasdaq Stock Market LLC

    Units,
    each consisting of one share of Common Stock and one Warrant
     
    VTIQU
     
    The
    Nasdaq Stock Market LLC

 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (§
230.405) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (§ 240.12b-2).

 

Emerging
growth company  x

 

If
an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for
complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange
Act.  ¨

 



 

 




     
     
    

 

Item
7.01. Regulation FD Disclosure.

 

Attached
as Exhibit 99.1 to this Current Report on Form 8-K and incorporated herein by reference is an updated form of presentation to
be used by VectoIQ Acquisition Corp. (“VectoIQ”) and Nikola Corporation (the “Company”)
in presentations for certain of VectoIQ’s stockholders and other persons, including at an analyst day scheduled for
April 6, 2020, in connection with the transactions (the “Proposed Transactions”) contemplated by the
Business Combination Agreement, dated March 2, 2020 (the “Business Combination Agreement”), among VectoIQ,
the Company and VCTIQ Merger Sub Corp., including Such exhibit and the information set forth therein shall not be deemed to
be filed for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the “Exchange
Act”), or otherwise be subject to the liabilities of that section, nor shall it be deemed to be incorporated by
reference in any filing under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the “Securities Act”), or the
Exchange Act.

 

Important
Information and Where to Find It

 

In
connection with the Proposed Transactions, VectoIQ has filed a registration statement on Form S-4, including a proxy statement/prospectus/information
statement (the “Registration Statement”), with the SEC, which includes a preliminary proxy statement to be
distributed to holders of VectoIQ’s common stock in connection with VectoIQ’s solicitation of proxies for the vote
by VectoIQ’s stockholders with respect to the Proposed Transactions and other matters as described in the Registration Statement,
a prospectus relating to the offer of the securities to be issued to the Company’s stockholders in connection with the Proposed
Transactions, and an information statement to Company’s stockholders regarding the Proposed Transactions. After the Registration
Statement has been declared effective, VectoIQ will mail a definitive proxy statement/prospectus, when available, to its stockholders.
Investors and security holders and other interested parties are urged to read the proxy statement/prospectus/information statement,
and any amendments thereto and any other documents filed with the SEC when they become available, carefully and in their entirety
because they contain important information about VectoIQ, the Company and the Proposed Transactions. Investors and security holders
may obtain free copies of the preliminary proxy statement/prospectus/information statement and definitive proxy statement/prospectus/information
statement (when available) and other documents filed with the SEC by VectoIQ through the website maintained by the SEC at http://www.sec.gov,
or by directing a request to: VectoIQ Acquisition Corp., 1354 Flagler Drive, Mamaroneck, NY 10543.

 

Participants
in the Solicitation

 

VectoIQ
and the Company and their respective directors and certain of their respective executive officers and other members of management
and employees may be considered participants in the solicitation of proxies with respect to the Proposed Transactions. Information
about the directors and executive officers of VectoIQ is set forth in the Registration Statement and other relevant materials
to be filed with the SEC regarding the Proposed Transactions. Stockholders, potential investors and other interested persons should
read the Registration Statement carefully before making any voting or investment decisions. These documents can be obtained free
of charge from the sources indicated above.

 

No
Offer or Solicitation

 

This
Current Report on Form 8-K shall not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy any securities, nor shall
there be any sale of securities in any jurisdiction in which such offer, solicitation or sale would be unlawful prior to registration
or qualification under the securities laws of any such jurisdiction. No offering of securities shall be made except by means of
a prospectus meeting the requirements of Section 10 of the Securities Act.

 




    2
     
    

 

Forward-Looking
Statements

 

This
Current Report on Form 8-K includes certain statements that are not historical facts but are forward-looking statements for
purposes of the safe harbor provisions under the United States Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995.
Forward-looking statements generally are accompanied by words such as “believe,” “may,”
 “will,” “estimate,” “continue,” “anticipate,” “intend,”
 “expect,” “should,” “would,” “plan,” “predict,”
 “potential,” “seem,” “seek,” “future,” “outlook,” and similar
expressions that predict or indicate future events or trends or that are not statements of historical matters. These
forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to, statements regarding estimates and forecasts of revenue and other
financial and performance metrics, projections of market opportunity and expectations, timing of various business milestones,
and projected business model and related assumptions; VectoIQ’s ability to consummate a transaction with the Company;
VectoIQ’s ability to obtain the financing necessary to consummate the Proposed Transactions; and the expected timing of
completion of the Proposed Transactions. These statements are based on various assumptions and on the current expectations of
VectoIQ’s and the Company’s management and are not predictions of actual performance. These forward-looking
statements are provided for illustrative purposes only and are not intended to serve as, and must not be relied on by any
investor as, a guarantee, an assurance, a prediction or a definitive statement of fact or probability. Actual events and
circumstances are difficult or impossible to predict and will differ from assumptions. Many actual events and circumstances
are beyond the control of VectoIQ and the Company. These forward looking statements are subject to a number of risks and
uncertainties, including general economic, financial, legal, political and business conditions and changes in domestic and
foreign markets; the potential effects of COVID-19; the outcome of judicial proceedings to which the Company is, or may
become a party; the inability of the parties to enter into definitive agreements or successfully or timely consummate the
Proposed Transactions or to satisfy the other conditions to the closing of the Proposed Transactions, including the risk that
any required regulatory approvals are not obtained, are delayed or are subject to unanticipated conditions that could
adversely affect the combined company; the risk that the approval of the stockholders of VectoIQ for the Proposed
Transactions is not obtained; failure to realize the anticipated benefits of the Proposed Transactions, including as a result
of a delay in consummating the Proposed Transaction or difficulty in, or costs associated with, integrating the businesses of
VectoIQ and the Company; the amount of redemption requests made by VectoIQ’s stockholders; the occurrence of events
that may give rise to a right of one or both of VectoIQ and the Company to terminate the Business Combination Agreement;
risks related to the rollout of the Company’s business and the timing of expected business milestones; changes in the
assumptions underlying the Company’s expectations regarding its future business or business model; the availability of
capital; the effects of competition on the Company’s future business; and those factors discussed in the Registration
Statement under the heading “Risk Factors,” and other documents of VectoIQ filed, or to be filed, with the SEC.
If the risks materialize or assumptions prove incorrect, actual results could differ materially from the results implied by
these forward-looking statements. There may be additional risks that neither VectoIQ nor the Company presently do not know or
that VectoIQ and the Company currently believe are immaterial that could also cause actual results to differ from those
contained in the forward-looking statements. In addition, forward-looking statements reflect VectoIQ’s and the
Company’s expectations, plans or forecasts of future events and views as of the date of this Current Report on Form
8-K. VectoIQ and the Company anticipate that subsequent events and developments will cause their assessments to change.
However, while VectoIQ and the Company may elect to update these forward-looking statements at some point in the future,
VectoIQ and the Company specifically disclaim any obligation to do so. These forward-looking statements should not be relied
upon as representing VectoIQ’s or the Company’s assessments as of any date subsequent to the date of this Current
Report on Form 8-K. Accordingly, undue reliance should not be placed upon the forward-looking statements.

 

Item
9.01. Financial Statements and Exhibits.

 

(d)       Exhibits.

 



    Exhibit
    No.
     
    Exhibit

    99.1
     
    Form
    of Investor Presentation.

 




    3
     
    

 

SIGNATURE

 

Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf
by the undersigned, hereunto duly authorized.

 

Dated:
April 3, 2020

 



     
    VECTOIQ
    ACQUISITION CORP.

     
     

     
    By:
    /s/
    Steve Shindler

     
     
    Name:  
    Steve Shindler

     
    
    Title:
    Chief Financial Officer




 




    4
    

 








