
8-K
1
ea120803-8k_alberton.htm
CURRENT REPORT



     





 

 

UNITED
STATES

SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington,
D.C. 20549

 
 

Form
8-K

 

Current
Report

Pursuant
to Section 13 or 15(d) of the

Securities
Exchange Act of 1934

 

April
20, 2020 (April 17, 2020)

Date
of Report (Date of earliest event reported)

 

ALBERTON
ACQUISITION CORPORATION

(Exact
name of registrant as specified in its charter)

 



    British
    Virgin Islands
     
    001-38715
     
    N/A

    (State or other jurisdiction
    of incorporation)
     
    (Commission File
    Number)
     
    (I.R.S. Employer
    Identification No.)

 



    Room
        1001, 10/F, Capital Center
        151
        Gloucester Road
        Wanchai,
        Hong Kong
     
    N/A

    (Address of principal
    executive offices)
     
    (Zip Code)

 

Registrant’s
telephone number, including area code: +852 2117 1621

 

N/A

(Former
name or former address, if changed since last report)

 

Check
the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant
under any of the following provisions:

 



    ☐
    Written
    communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act

 



    ☐
    Soliciting
    material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act

 



    ☐
    Pre-commencement
    communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act

 



    ☐
    Pre-commencement
    communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act

 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (17 CFR
§230.405) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (17 CFR §240.12b-2).

 

Emerging
growth company ☒

 

If
an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for
complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. ☐ 

 

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

 



    Title
    of each class
     
    Trading
    Symbol(s)
     
    Name
    of each exchange on which
 registered

    Units,
    each consisting of one ordinary share, one redeemable warrant, and one right
     
    ALACU
     
    The
    Nasdaq Stock Market LLC

    Ordinary
    shares, no par value
     
    ALAC
     
    The
    Nasdaq Stock Market LLC

    Redeemable
    warrants, each warrant exercisable for one-half (1/2) of one ordinary share
     
    ALACW
     
    The
    Nasdaq Stock Market LLC

    Rights,
    each to receive one-tenth (1/10) of one ordinary share
     
    ALACR
     
    The
    Nasdaq Stock Market LLC

 



 

 



     
     
    

 

Item
2.03. Creation of a Direct Financial Obligation or an Obligation under an Off-Balance Sheet Arrangement of a Registrant.

 

On April 17, 2020,
Alberton Acquisition Corporation (“Alberton” or the “Company’), issued an
unsecured promissory note in the aggregate principal amount of $500,000 (the “Note”) to Qingdao Zhongxin
Huirong Distressed Asset Disposal Co, Ltd. (“AMC Sino”), a PRC company based in Qingdao, China, its
registered assignees or successor in interest (the “Payee”). The Note was issued in connection with
a non-binding letter of intent entered into by and between Alberton and Zhongxin AmcAsset Limited (“AmcAsset”),
a holding company incorporated in the British Virgin Islands, to consummate a potential business combination with AmcAsset (the
“LOI”). AmcAsset is a transnational distressed asset management company with foothold in the U.S. and
China, and undergoing global expansion. AmcAsset holds 100% equity interest of Quest Mark Capital Inc., a California corporation
located in Los Angeles, and Qingdao Zhongbiao Distressed Asset Management Co., Ltd (“Zhongbiao”), to
which AMC Sino is related.



 

The
principle of the Note of $500,000 will be paid in installments according to the needs of Alberton, with the first payment of no
less than $100,000 to be made within one business day after execution of the Note. The Note is non-interest bearing and is payable
on the date on which Alberton consummates its initial business combination with Payee or another qualified target company
(a “Qualified Business Combination” and such date, the “Maturity Date”), subject to certain
mandatory repayment arrangement set forth in the Note. The principal balance may be prepaid at any time without penalty.

  

Notwithstanding
the issuance of the Note and the non-binding LOI, Alberton has not entered into any definitive agreements, for the purpose of
acquiring, engaging in a share exchange, share reconstruction and amalgamation with, purchasing all or substantially all of the
assets of, entering into contractual arrangements with, or engaging in any other similar business combination with one or more
businesses or entities.

 

The
foregoing is a brief description of the material terms and conditions of the Note, a copy of which is attached as Exhibit 99.1
to this Current Report on Form 8-K and incorporated herein by reference.

 

Item
7.01. Regulation Fair Disclosure

 

On April 20, 2020,
the Company issued the attached press release (the “Press Release”), announcing the issuance of the
Note and Revised Contribution (defined herein below).



 

Item 8.01 Other Events. 

 

The Company will
be holding a special shareholder meeting on April 23, 2020 to, among other things, extend the date by which the Company must complete
its initial business combination from April 27, 2020 to October 26, 2020 or such earlier date as determined by the Board (the “Extension”).

 



On April 20, 2020,
the Company announced that it has agreed that if the Extension is approved, for the aggregate public shares that are not redeemed
by the Company’s shareholders in connection with the Extension (collectively, the “Remaining Shares”,
each, a “Remaining Share”), for each monthly period, or portion thereof, that is needed by the Company
to complete an initial business combination during the Extension, it will deposit $60,000 per month in the trust account (the
“Cash Contribution”). The Cash Contribution will be deposited as additional interest on the proceeds
in the trust account and will be distributed pro rata as a part of redemption amount to each Remaining Share in connection with
a future redemption. In addition, at the earlier date (the “Issuance Date”) of the consummation of its
initial business combination and the expiry of the Extension, the Company will issue a dividend of one warrant to purchase one-half
of one ordinary share for each Remaining Share. Each such warrant will be identical to the warrants included in the units sold
in the Company’s initial public offering (the “Dividend”, collectively with the Cash Contribution,
the “Revised Contribution”). The Revised Contribution replaces the $0.02 per public share per month
(the “Original Contribution”) that was previously disclosed in the Company’s definitive proxy
statement filed and mailed to shareholders in connection with the Extension on or about March 31, 2020.

 




    1
     
    

 



In addition, the
Cash Contribution is subject to the following deposit schedule (the “Deposit Schedule”): the aggregate
amount of the cash contribution of first two months of $120,000 will be deposited into the trust account within 7 business days
of April 27, 2020 and the cash contribution of each subsequent month of $60,000 will be deposited into the trust account with
7 business days of 27th day of such month. The Company plans to deposits the proceeds of the Note into the trust account as the
Cash Contribution pursuant to the Deposit Schedule. The Company is also advised by Mrs. Guan Wang, its Chief Executive Officer
and Chairwoman, that she may contribute to the Company as loan for any remaining balance of the Cash Contribution on as needed
basis in a timely manner.

  

Additional Information

 

The Company has
filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the “SEC”) a definitive proxy statement in connection
with the Extension and other matters and, on or about March 31, 2020, mailed the definitive proxy statement and other relevant
documents to the Company’s shareholders as of the March 13, 2020 record date for the Special Meeting. The Company’s
shareholders and other interested persons are advised to read the definitive proxy statement and any other relevant documents (including
a supplement to the definitive proxy statement) that have been or will be filed with the SEC in connection with the Company’s
solicitation of proxies for the Special Meeting because these documents will contain important information about the Company, the
Revised Contribution, the Revised Redemption Deadline, the Extension and related matters. Shareholders may also obtain a free copy
of the definitive proxy statement, as well as other relevant documents that have been or will be filed with the SEC (including
a supplement to the definitive proxy statement), without charge, at the SEC's website located at www.sec.gov or by directing a
request to Advantage Proxy, Inc., the Company’s proxy solicitor, at (877) 870-8556 (banks and brokers can call collect at
(206) 870-8565) or at ksmith@advantageproxy.com. 

 

Participants in the Solicitation

 

The Company and
its directors and executive officers may be deemed to be participants in the solicitations of proxies from the Company’s
shareholders in respect of the Extension and the other matters set forth in the definitive proxy statement. Information regarding
the Company’s directors and executive officers and a description of their direct and indirect interests, by security holdings
or otherwise, is contained in the Company’s definitive proxy statement for the Extension, which has been filed with the SEC.

 

Forward-Looking Statements

 

This Current Report
on Form 8-K may include forward-looking statements within the meaning of the “safe harbor” provisions of the Private
Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. All statements, other than statements of historical facts, included in this Current Report
on Form 8-K that address activities, events or developments that the Company expects or anticipates will or may occur in the future
are forward-looking statements and are identified with, but not limited to, words such as “may,” “believe”
and “expect.” These statements are based on certain assumptions and analyses made by the Company in light of its experience
and its perception of historical trends, current conditions and expected future developments as well as other factors it believes
are appropriate in the circumstances. Actual results may differ materially from those expressed herein due to many factors such
as, but not limited to, the ability of the Company to obtain shareholder approval for the Extension and related matters, the ability
of the Sponsor to make the Revised Contribution, the ability of the Company to consummate an initial business combination, and
the risks identified in the Company’s prior and future filings with the SEC (available at www.sec.gov), including the Company's
definitive proxy statement filed in connection with the Extension (and the supplement to the definitive proxy statement that the
Company intends to file on April 20, 2020) and the Company's Annual Report on Form10-K filed on March 16, 2020. These statements
speak only as of the date they are made and the Company undertakes no obligation to update any forward-looking statements contained
herein to reflect events or circumstances which arise after the date of this Current Report on Form 8-K. 

  

Item
9.01. Financial Statements and Exhibits.

 

(d)
Exhibits
 



    Exhibit
    No.
     
    Description

     
     
     

    99.1
     
    Promissory Note, dated April 17, 2020, made by Alberton Acquisition Corporation in favor of Qingdao Zhongxin Huirong Distressed Asset Disposal Co, Ltd.

    99.2
     
    Press Release, dated April 20, 2020.

 







    2
     
    

 

SIGNATURES

 

Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf
by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.

  



     
    Dated: April 20, 2020

     
     

     
    ALBERTON ACQUISITION CORPORATION

     
     

     
    By: 
    /s/
    Guan Wang

     
     
    Name: Guan Wang
    Title:   Chief Executive Officer

 



3



 






