
8-K
1
f8k120319_albertonacqui.htm
CURRENT REPORT



     





 

 

 

UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington, D.C. 20549

   

Form 8-K

 

Current Report

Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the

Securities Exchange Act of 1934

 

December 4, 2019 (December 3, 2019) 

Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported)

 

ALBERTON ACQUISITION CORPORATION

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its
charter)

 



    British Virgin Islands
     
    001-38715
     
    N/A

    (State or other jurisdiction
of incorporation)
     
    (Commission File Number)
     
    (I.R.S. Employer
Identification No.)

 



    
        Room 1001, 10/F, Capital Center
        151 Gloucester Road
        Wanchai, Hong Kong
     
    N/A

    (Address of principal executive offices)
     
    (Zip Code)

 

Registrant’s telephone number, including
area code: +852 2117 1621

 

N/A

(Former name or former address, if changed since
last report)

 

Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended
to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:

 



    ☐
    Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act

 



    ☐
    Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act

 



    ☐
    Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act

 



    ☐
    Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act

 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth
company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (17 CFR §230.405) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act
of 1934 (17 CFR §240.12b-2).

 

Emerging growth company ☒

 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant
has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided
pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. ☐ 

 



Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b)
of the Act:

 



    Title of each class
     
    Trading Symbol(s)
     
    Name of each exchange on which registered

    Units, each consisting of one ordinary share,
one redeemable warrant, and one right
     
    ALACU
     
    The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC

    Ordinary shares, no par value
     
    ALAC
     
    The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC

    Redeemable warrants, each warrant exercisable
for one-half (1/2) of one ordinary share
     
    ALACW
     
    The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC

    Rights, each to receive one-tenth (1/10) of one ordinary share
     
    ALACR
     
    The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC

 



 




     
     
    



  

Item 2.03. Creation of a Direct Financial
Obligation or an Obligation under an Off-Balance Sheet Arrangement of a Registrant.

 

On December 3, 2019, Alberton
Acquisition Corporation (“Alberton”), upon receipt of the principal, issued an unsecured promissory note in the aggregate
principal amount of $500,000 (the “Note”) to Global Nature Investment Holdings Limited (“Global Nature”),
its registered assignees or successor in interest (the “Payee”). The Note was issued in connection with a potential
business combination with Global Nature as working capital. Global Nature is a wholly owned subsidiary of CITIC Capital, an investment
advisory firm that manages over US$26 billion of capital through its multi-asset class platform.

 

The Note is non-interest
bearing and is payable on the earlier date (the “Maturity Date”) of (i) that Alberton consummates its initial business
combination with Global Nature or another qualified target company (a “Qualified Business Combination”), and (ii)
expiry of the term of Alberton, which is now January 24, 2020 and extendable for additional three months at Alberton’s discretion
subject to certain conditions. The principal balance may be prepaid prior to the Maturity Date without penalty.

Pursuant
to the Note, in the event that (i) the parties do not agree with the valuation of the Qualified Business Combination; (ii) a definitive
agreement with regard to the Qualified Business Combination with the Payee is not entered into within 45 days from the date of
this Note; or (iii) the Qualified Business Combination (whether with the Payee or any other target company) is not consummated
for any reason prior to the date of expiry of the term of Alberton, Alberton shall repay the principal amount of Note to the Payee
no later than 5 business days after the Qualified Business Combination with another target or the date of expiry of the term of
Alberton, whichever is earlier. Provided that Alberton and the Payee enter into a definitive agreement with regard to the Qualified
Business Combination, Alberton shall pay the principal amount of Note to the Payee from the transaction closing proceeds without
interest at the closing or within 5 business days after the Qualified Business Combination.

All amounts owed by Alberton
under the Note become immediately due and payable upon an event of default, which includes Alberton’s failure to pay the
principal amount due within 5 business days of the Maturity Date and Alberton’s voluntary or involuntary bankruptcy. Pursuant
to the Note, Global Nature waived all rights, title, interest or claim in, or to, any distribution of, or from, the trust account
in which the proceeds from (i) Alberton’s initial public offering (“IPO”) and (ii) the sale of the units issued
in a private placement that occurred prior to the effectiveness of the IPO were placed.

 

Notwithstanding the issuance
of the Note, Alberton has not entered into any definitive agreements, for the purpose of acquiring, engaging in a share exchange,
share reconstruction and amalgamation with, purchasing all or substantially all of the assets of, entering into contractual arrangements
with, or engaging in any other similar business combination with one or more businesses or entities.

 

The foregoing is a brief
description of the material terms and conditions of the Note, a copy of which is attached as Exhibit 99.1 to this Current Report
on Form 8-K and incorporated herein by reference.

 



Item 7.01. Regulation Fair Disclosure

On December 4, 2019,
the Company issued the attached press release (the “Press Release”), announcing the issuance of the Note.



Item 9.01. Financial Statements and Exhibits.

 

(d)       Exhibits

 



    Exhibit No.
     
    Description

     
     
     

    99.1
     
    Promissory Note, dated December 3, 2019, made by Alberton Acquisition Corporation in favor of Global Nature Investment Holdings Limited

    99.2
     
    Press Release, dated December 4, 2019.

 


    1 
     
    



  

SIGNATURES

 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.

  



     
    Dated: December 4, 2019

     
     

     
    ALBERTON ACQUISITION CORPORATION

     
     

     
    By: 
    /s/ Bin (Ben) Wang

     
     
    Name: Bin (Ben) Wang
Title: Chief Executive Officer

 




    2 
    






