
8-K
1
tm2022016d1_8k.htm
FORM 8-K



     





 

 

UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington, D.C. 20549

 

FORM 8-K

CURRENT REPORT

 

PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE

SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

 

Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported):  June
8, 2020

 

ACT II
GLOBAL ACQUISITION CORP.

(Exact name of registrant as specified in
its charter)

 



    Cayman Islands
     
    001-38880
     
    38-4101973

    (State or other jurisdiction
of incorporation)
     
    (Commission
File Number)
     
    (IRS Employer
Identification No.)

 

745 5th Avenue

New York, NY 10151

Attn: Christopher Giordano; Jon Venick

(Address of principal executive offices,
including zip code)

 

Registrant’s telephone number, including
area code: (212) 335-4500

 

Not Applicable
(Former name or former address, if changed since last report)

 

Check the appropriate box below if the
Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:

 



    x
    Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

     
     

    ¨
    Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

     
     

    ¨
    Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

     
     

    ¨
    Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (§ 230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2
of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (§ 240.12b-2 of this chapter).

 

Emerging
growth company x

 

If an emerging growth company, indicate
by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial
accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. ¨

 

Securities registered pursuant to Section
12(b) of the Act:

 



    Title of each class
     
    Trading Symbol(s)
     
    Name of each exchange on which registered

     
     
     
     
     

    Units, each consisting of one Class A Ordinary Share and one-half of one Redeemable Warrant
     
    ACTTU
     
    The NASDAQ Stock Market LLC

     
     
     
     
     

    Class A Ordinary Shares, par value $0.0001 per share
     
    ACTT
     
    The NASDAQ Stock Market LLC

     
     
     
     
     

    Redeemable Warrants, each exercisable for one Class A Ordinary Share for $11.50 per share
     
    ACTTW
     
    The NASDAQ Stock Market LLC

 

 



 




     
     
    

 

Item
8.01 Other Events.

 
On June 8, 2020,
Act II Global Acquisition Corp. (“Act II”) issued a press release announcing that, due to the public health
and safety concerns posed by the outbreak of the novel coronavirus (COVID-19), the format of the extraordinary general meeting
of the shareholders of Act II (the “Shareholders Meeting”) and the special meeting of the public warrant holders
of Act II (the “Warrant Holders Meeting”) has changed and may now each be attended virtually online via webcast.
The Shareholders Meeting and the Warrant Holders Meeting will be held, as originally announced, on Monday, June 15, 2020, at 8:30
a.m. EDT and 8:00 a.m. EDT, respectively, with the physical meetings, for the purposes of Act II’s Amended and Restated Memorandum
and Articles of Association, being held at the offices of DLA Piper LLP (US), located at 1251 Avenue of the Americas, New York,
New York.

 

A copy of the
press release announcing the change in meeting format is furnished as Exhibit 99.1 and incorporated by reference herein.

 

Cautionary Statement Concerning
Forward-Looking Statements

 

Certain of the
matters discussed in this communication constitute forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Securities Act of 1933
and the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, both as amended by the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. The forward-looking
statements include, among other things, statements regarding the intent, belief or expectations of Act II and can be identified
by the use of words such as “may,” “will,” “should,” “would,” “will be,”
 “will continue,” “will likely result,” “believe,” “project,” “expect,”
 “anticipate,” “intend,” “estimate” and other comparable terms. Such forward-looking statements
with respect to financial performance, strategies, prospects and other aspects of the businesses of Act II, Merisant Company (“Merisant”),
MAFCO Worldwide LLC (“Mafco”) or the combined company after completion of the business combination are based
on current expectations that are subject to risks and uncertainties. A number of factors could cause actual results or outcomes
to differ materially from those expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. These factors include, but are not limited
to: (1) potential adverse effects of the ongoing global COVID-19 pandemic; (2) the occurrence of any event, change or other circumstances
that could give rise to the termination of the definitive agreement with respect to the business combination; (3) the outcome of
any legal proceedings that may be instituted against Act II, the combined company or others following the announcement of the business
combination and the definitive agreement with respect thereto; (4) the inability to complete the business combination due to the
failure to obtain approval of the shareholders and/or warrant holders of Act II, to obtain financing to complete the business combination
or to satisfy conditions to closing in the definitive agreement with respect to the business combination; (5) changes to the proposed
structure of the business combination that may be required or appropriate as a result of applicable laws or regulations or as a
condition to obtaining regulatory approval of the business combination; (6) the ability to comply with Nasdaq listing standards
following the consummation of the business combination; (7) the risk that the business combination disrupts current plans and operations
of Merisant and Mafco as a result of the announcement and consummation of the business combination; (8) the ability to recognize
the anticipated benefits of the business combination, which may be affected by, among other things, competition, the ability of
the combined company to grow and manage growth profitably, maintain relationships with suppliers, obtain adequate supply of products
and retain its management and key employees; (9) costs related to the business combination; (10) changes in applicable laws or
regulations; (11) the possibility that Merisant and Mafco or the combined company may be adversely affected by other economic,
business, and/or competitive factors; (12) the inability to achieve estimates of expenses and profitability; (13) the impact of
foreign currency exchange rates and interest rate fluctuations on results; and (14) other risks and uncertainties indicated from
time to time in the Registration Statement on Form S-4 of Act II, including those under “Risk Factors” therein, and
other documents filed (or furnished) or to be filed (or furnished) with the Securities and Exchange Commission by Act II. You are
cautioned not to place undue reliance upon any forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date made. Merisant and Mafco
and Act II undertake no commitment to update or revise the forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information,
future events or otherwise, except as required by law.

  

Additional Information and Where
to Find It

 

In connection
with the proposed business combination and warrant amendment, Act II filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the “SEC”)
a Registration Statement on Form S-4 and mailed the definitive proxy statement/prospectus and other relevant documentation to Act
II shareholders and Act II warrant holders. This filing does not contain all the information that should be considered concerning
the proposed transaction. It is not intended to form the basis of any investment decision or any other decision with respect to
the business combination and the warrant amendment. This communication shall not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation
of an offer to buy any securities, nor shall there be any sale of securities in any jurisdiction in which such offer, solicitation
or sale would be unlawful prior to registration or qualification under the securities laws of any such jurisdiction. No offering
of securities shall be made except by means of a prospectus meeting the requirements of the federal securities laws.

 




     
     
    

 

Act II shareholders
and Act II warrant holders and other interested persons are advised to read the definitive proxy statement/prospectus in connection
with Act II’s solicitation of proxies for the extraordinary general meeting of the Act II shareholders and the special meeting
of Act II’s public warrant holders to be held to approve the proposed transaction and the warrant amendment, because these
materials contain important information about Merisant Company (“Merisant”), MAFCO Worldwide LLC (“Mafco”)
and Act II and the proposed transaction and the warrant amendment.

 

The definitive
proxy statement/prospectus was mailed to Act II shareholders and warrant holders as of the record date, May 1, 2020. Shareholders
and warrant holders are also able to obtain a copy of the definitive proxy statement/prospectus, without charge, at the SEC’s
website at www.sec.gov or by directing a request to Act II at 745 5th Avenue, New York, NY 10151.

 

Participants
in the Solicitation

 

Act II, Merisant, Mafco and their respective
directors and officers and representatives or affiliates may be deemed to be participants in the solicitation of proxies of Act
II shareholders in connection with the business combination and of Act II warrant holders in connection with the warrant amendment. Act
II shareholders and Act II warrant holders and other interested persons may obtain, without charge, more detailed information regarding
the directors and officers of Act II in the Registration Statement on Form S-4 of Act II. Information regarding the persons
who may, under SEC rules, be deemed participants in the solicitation of proxies to Act II shareholders in connection with the business
combination, and to Act II warrant holders in connection with the warrant amendment, is set forth in the proxy statement/prospectus
for the business combination and warrant amendment. Additional information regarding the interests of participants in the solicitation
of proxies in connection with the business combination and warrant amendment is included in the proxy statement/prospectus that
Act II filed with the SEC and other documents furnished or filed with the SEC by Act II.

 

Item 9.01 Financial Statements and Exhibits.

 

(d) Exhibits

 



    Exhibit
No.
     
    Description

     
     
     

    99.1
     
    Press Release dated June 8, 2020.


 




     
     
    

 

 

SIGNATURES

 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly
authorized.

 



     
    Act II Global Acquisition Corp.

     
     
     

    Date: June 8, 2020
    By:
    /s/
    Ira J. Lamel

     
     
    Name:
    Ira J. Lamel

     
     
    Title:
    Chief Financial Officer

     
     
     

 




     
    






