
8-K
1
f8k021220_tiberiusacq.htm
CURRENT REPORT



     





 

 



UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549



 

FORM 8-K

 

CURRENT REPORT

PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF
THE

SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

 

Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported): February
12, 2020

 

TIBERIUS ACQUISITION CORPORATION

(Exact Name of Registrant as Specified in Charter)

 



    Delaware
     
    001-38422
     
    81-0824240

    (State or Other Jurisdiction
of Incorporation)
     
    (Commission
File Number)
     
    (IRS Employer
Identification No.)

 



    
        3601 N Interstate 10 Service Rd W
        Metairie, LA
     
    70002

    (Address of Principal Executive Offices)
     
    (Zip Code)

 

Registrant’s telephone number, including
area code: (504) 881 - 1060

 

Not Applicable

(Former Name or Former Address, if Changed Since
Last Report)

 

Check the
appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant
under any of the following provisions (see General Instruction A.2. below):

 



     
    ☐
    Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

 



     
    ☐
    Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

 



     
    ☐
    Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

 



     
    ☐
    Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e 4(c))

 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b)
of the Act:

 



    Title of each class
     
    Trading Symbol(s)
     
    Name of each exchange on
which registered

    Common Stock, par value $0.0001 per share
     
    TIBR
     
    The NASDAQ Stock Market LLC

    Warrants to purchase one share of Common Stock
     
    TIBRW
     
    The NASDAQ Stock Market LLC

    Units, each consisting of one share of Common Stock and one Warrant
     
    TIBRU
     
    The NASDAQ Stock Market LLC

 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (§230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2
of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (§240.12b-2 of this chapter).

 

Emerging growth company  ☒

 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by
check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial
accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act.  ☐

 

 




     
     
    

 

Item 1.01. Entry Into A Material
Definitive Agreement.

 

As previously reported
on a Current Report on Form 8-K filed by Tiberius Acquisition Corporation, a Delaware corporation (“Tiberius”),
with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”) on October 17, 2019, on October 10, 2019, Tiberius
entered into the Business Combination Agreement (the “Business Combination Agreement”) with Lagniappe Ventures
LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (the “Sponsor”), International General Insurance Holdings Ltd., a
company organized under the laws of the Dubai International Financial Centre (“IGI”), and Wasef Jabsheh, and
pursuant to a joinder thereto, International General Insurance Holdings Ltd., a Bermuda exempted company (“Pubco”
or “IGI Holdings”) and Tiberius Merger Sub, Inc., a Delaware corporation and a wholly owned subsidiary of Pubco
(“Merger Sub”). Among other things, the Business Combination Agreement provides for (i) the merger of Tiberius
with and into Merger Sub, with Tiberius surviving the merger and the security holders of Tiberius becoming security holders of
Pubco, (ii) the exchange of all or substantially all of the outstanding share capital of IGI by the shareholders of IGI for a combination
of common shares of Pubco and aggregate cash consideration of $80.0 million (the “Business Combination”) and
(iii) the adoption of Pubco’s amended and restated bye-laws.

 

On February 12, 2020, the
parties to the Business Combination Agreement entered into the First Amendment to Business Combination Agreement (the “First
Amendment”) pursuant to which compliance by Tiberius and the Sponsor with their respective obligations under the Letter
Agreement (as defined below) was added as a closing condition to the consummation of the Business Combination.

 

Also,
on February 12, 2020, Tiberius, the Sponsor, Pubco and IGI entered into a letter agreement (the “Letter Agreement”)
pursuant to which (a) the Sponsor agreed to forfeit 180,000 shares of its common stock of Tiberius (the “Forfeiture”)
upon the closing of the Business Combination and (b) Tiberius agreed to use its reasonable best efforts to repurchase 3,000,000
warrants to purchase shares of common stock of Tiberius from a warrant holder at the closing of the Business Combination for an
aggregate price of $4,275,000 (the “Warrant Repurchase”).

 

The
foregoing descriptions of the First Amendment and the Letter Agreement are
not complete and are qualified in their entirety by reference to the full text of the First Amendment and Letter Agreement,
copies of which are filed hereto as Exhibit 2.1 and Exhibit 10.1, respectively, and are incorporated herein by reference.

 



    Item 8.01. 
    Other Events.

 

On February 13, 2020, the
Company issued a press release announcing the Warrant Repurchase and the Forfeiture, a copy of which is attached as Exhibit 99.1
to this Current Report on Form 8-K.

 



    Item 9.01
    Financial Statements and Exhibits.

 

(d) Exhibits

 



    Exhibit No.
     
    Description

     
     
     

    2.1
     
    First Amendment to Business Combination Agreement, dated as of February 12, 2020.

    10.1
     
    Letter Agreement, dated as of February 12, 2020, among Tiberius, the Sponsor, Pubco and IGI.

    99.1
     
    Press Release, dated February 13, 2020.

  



    1
     
    

 

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION



In connection with
the proposed transaction, IGI Holdings has filed a registration statement on Form F-4 (the “Form F-4”) with
the SEC which includes a prospectus with respect to IGI Holding’s securities to be issued in connection with the proposed
transaction and a proxy statement with respect to Tiberius’s stockholders meeting at which Tiberius’s stockholders
will be asked to vote on the proposed transaction. Tiberius’s stockholders and other interested persons are advised to read
the Form F-4 and the amendments thereto and other information filed with the SEC in connection with the proposed transaction, as
these materials contain important information about IGI, Tiberius and the proposed transaction. When available, the proxy statement
contained in the Form F-4 and other relevant materials for the proposed transaction will be mailed to the stockholders of Tiberius
as of the record date for voting on the proposed transaction. Stockholders will also be able to obtain copies of the Form F-4 and
other documents filed with the SEC, without charge at the SEC’s website at www.sec.gov, or by directing a request to: Tiberius
Acquisition Corp., 3601 N Interstate 10 Service Rd W, Metairie, LA 70002.

 

DISCLAIMER

 

This report and
the exhibits hereto do not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy any securities, or a solicitation
of any vote or approval, nor shall there be any sale of securities in any jurisdiction in which such offer, solicitation or sale
would be unlawful prior to registration or qualification under the securities laws of any such jurisdiction.  No offering
of securities shall be made except by means of a prospectus meeting the requirements of Section 10 of the Securities Act of 1933,
as amended.

 

PARTICIPANTS
IN THE BUSINESS COMBINATION

 

Tiberius, IGI,
IGI Holdings, and certain of their respective directors and executive officers may be deemed participants in the solicitation of
proxies from Tiberius’s stockholders with respect to the proposed transaction. A list of the names of Tiberius’s directors
and executive officers and a description of their interests in Tiberius is contained in Tiberius’s annual report on Form
10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2019, which was filed with the SEC and is available free of charge at the SEC’s
web site at www.sec.gov, or by directing a request to Tiberius Acquisition Corp., 3601 N Interstate 10 Service Rd W, Metairie,
LA 70002, Attention: Bryce Quin. Additional information regarding the interests of such participants is contained in the Form F-4.

 

IGI and certain
of its directors and executive officers may also be deemed to be participants in the solicitation of proxies from the stockholders
of Tiberius in connection with the proposed transaction. A list of the names of such directors and executive officers is included
in the Form F-4.

 

CAUTIONARY NOTE
REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS

 

This report includes “forward-looking
statements” within the meaning of the “safe harbor” provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act
of 1995. The expectations, estimates, and projections of the businesses of Tiberius, IGI and IGI Holdings may differ from their
actual results and consequently, you should not rely on these forward looking statements as predictions of future events. Words
such as “expect,” “estimate,” “project,” “budget,” “forecast,” “anticipate,”
“intend,” “plan,” “may,” “will,” “could,” “should,” “believes,”
“predicts,” “potential,” “continue,” and similar expressions are intended to identify such
forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements include, without limitation, expectations with respect to future performance,
projected financial information, statements regarding the anticipated financial impact of the proposed transaction, the satisfaction
of the closing conditions to the proposed transaction, including without limitation receipt of all required regulatory approvals,
and the timing of the completion of the proposed transaction. These forward-looking statements involve significant risks and uncertainties
that could cause the actual results to differ materially from the expected results. Most of these factors are outside of the control
of Tiberius, IGI, and IGI Holdings and are difficult to predict. Factors that may cause such differences include, but are not limited
to: (1) the occurrence of any event, change or other circumstances that could give rise to the termination of the Business Combination
Agreement, (2) the outcome of any legal proceedings that may be instituted against the parties following the announcement of the
Business Combination Agreement and the transactions contemplated therein; (3) the inability to complete the proposed transaction,
including due to failure to obtain approval of the stockholders of Tiberius or other conditions to closing in the Business Combination
Agreement; (4) the occurrence of any event, change, or other circumstance that could give rise to the termination of the Business
Combination Agreement or could otherwise cause the transaction to fail to close; (5) the receipt of an unsolicited offer from another
party for an alternative business transaction that could interfere with the proposed transaction; (6) the inability to obtain or
maintain the listing of the post-acquisition company’s common shares on Nasdaq in connection with or following the closing
of the proposed transaction; (7) the risk that the proposed transaction disrupts current plans and operations as a result of the
announcement and consummation of the proposed transaction; (8) the potential inability to recognize the anticipated benefits of
the proposed transaction, which may be affected by, among other things, competition, the ability of the combined company to grow
and manage growth profitably and retain its key employees; (9) costs related to the proposed transaction; (10) changes in applicable
laws or regulations; (11) the demand for IGI’s and the combined company’s services together with the possibility that
IGI or the combined company may be adversely affected by other economic, business, and/or competitive factors; and (12) other risks
and uncertainties indicated from time to time in the proxy statement relating to the proposed transaction, including those under
“Risk Factors” therein, and in Tiberius’s other filings with the SEC. The foregoing list of factors is not exclusive.
In addition, any financial projections issued by the parties are inherently based on various estimates and assumptions that are
subject to the judgment of those preparing them and are also subject to significant economic, competitive, industry and other uncertainties
and contingencies, all of which are difficult or impossible to predict and many of which are beyond the control of Tiberius and
IGI. There can be no assurance that IGI’s financial condition or results of operations will be consistent with those set
forth in such financial projections. You should not place undue reliance upon any forward-looking statements, which speak only
as of the date made. Tiberius, IGI, and IGI Holdings do not undertake or accept any obligation or undertaking to release publicly
any updates or revisions to any forward-looking statements to reflect any change in their expectations or any change in events,
conditions, or circumstances on which any such statement is based.






    2 
     
    

  

SIGNATURE

 

Pursuant to the requirements
of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned
hereunto duly authorized.

 

Dated: February 19, 2020

 



     
      TIBERIUS ACQUISITION CORPORATION

     
     
     

       
       By:
       /s/ Michael T. Gray

     
       Name:
      Michael T. Gray

     
       Title:
      Chief Executive Officer

 

 




    3 
    

 






