
8-K
1
tv529051_8k.htm
FORM 8-K



     



 

 



 

UNITED
STATES
SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION
Washington, D.C. 20549

 

FORM 8-K 

CURRENT REPORT

PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE
SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

 

Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported):
September 9, 2019
____________________

 

NEW FRONTIER CORPORATION

(Exact name of registrant as specified in
its charter)

____________________

 



    Cayman Islands
    001-38562
    N/A

    (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation)
    (Commission File Number)
    (IRS Employer Identification No.)

 

23rd Floor, 299 QRC

287-299 Queen’s Road Central

Hong Kong

(Address of principal executive offices,
including zip code)

Registrant’s telephone number, including
area code: 852-6491-9230

 

Not Applicable
(Former name or former address, if changed since last report)

___________________

Check the appropriate
box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the
following provisions:

 



     
    ¨
    Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

     
    ¨
    Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

     
    ¨
    Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

     
    ¨
    Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

 



    Title of each class
    Trading Symbol(s)
    Name of each exchange on which registered

    Units, each consisting of one Class A ordinary share and one-half of one warrant
    NFC.U
    New York Stock Exchange

    Class A Ordinary Shares, $0.0001 par value
    NFC
    New York Stock Exchange

    Warrants, each exercisable for one Class A ordinary share
    NFC WS
    New York Stock Exchange

 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (§230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2
of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (§240.12b-2 of this chapter).

 

Emerging
growth company x

 

If
an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for
complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. ¨

 



 





     
     
    

Item
7.01 Regulation FD Disclosure.

 

Furnished as Exhibit
99.1 hereto is an investor presentation that will be used by New Frontier Corp. (the “Company” or “NFC”),
in connection with its previously announced business combination (the “Business Combination”) with Healthy Harmony
Holdings, L.P. (“Healthy Harmony”) and Healthy Harmony GP, Inc. (“HH GP”). Healthy Harmony
operates its business under the brand name “United Family Healthcare” and, together with HH GP, is referred to herein
as “UFH.”

 

The information in
this Item 7.01, including Exhibit 99.1, is furnished and shall not be deemed “filed” for purposes of Section 18 of
the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the “Exchange Act”), or otherwise subject to liabilities under
that section, and shall not be deemed to be incorporated by reference into the filings of NFC under the Securities Act of 1933,
as amended, or the Exchange Act, regardless of any general incorporation language in such filings. This Current Report on Form
8-K will not be deemed an admission as to the materiality of any information of the information in this Item 7.01, including Exhibit
99.1.

 

Important Information About the Business
Combination and Where to Find It

 

In connection
with the proposed Business Combination, NFC  intends to file a preliminary proxy statement with the U.S. Securities and
Exchange Commission (the “SEC”). NFC’s shareholders and other interested persons are advised to
read, when available, the preliminary proxy statement and the amendments thereto and the definitive proxy statement and
documents incorporated by reference therein filed in connection with the Business Combination, as these materials will
contain important information about the Company, UFH and the Business Combination. When available, the definitive proxy
statement and other relevant materials for the Business Combination will be mailed to shareholders of NFC as of a record date
to be established for voting on the Business Combination. Shareholders  will also be able to obtain copies of the preliminary
proxy statement, the definitive proxy statement and other documents filed with the SEC that will be incorporated by reference
therein, without charge, once available, at the SEC’s web site at www.sec.gov, or by directing a request to: New
Frontier Corporation, 23rd Floor, 299 QRC, 287-299 Queen’s Road Central, Hong Kong, Attention: Secretary, telephone:
852-3703-3251.

 

Participants in the Solicitation

 

NFC and its directors
and executive officers may be deemed participants in the solicitation of proxies from NFC’s shareholders with respect to
the Business Combination. A list of the names of those directors and executive officers and a description of their interests in NFC is contained in
NFC’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2018, which was filed with the SEC and is available
free of charge at the SEC’s web site at www.sec.gov, or by directing a request to New Frontier Corporation, 23rd Floor,
299 QRC, 287-299 Queen’s Road Central, Hong Kong, Attention: Secretary, telephone: 852-3703-3251. Additional information
regarding the interests of such participants will be contained in the proxy statement for the Business Combination when available.

 

UFH and its directors
and executive officers may also be deemed to be participants in the solicitation of proxies from the shareholders of NFC in connection
with the Business Combination. A list of the names of such directors and executive officers and information regarding their interests
in the Business Combination will be included in the proxy statement for the Business Combination when available.

 

Forward-Looking Statements

 

This Current Report
on Form 8-K includes “forward-looking statements” within the meaning of the “safe harbor” provisions of
the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. NFC’s and UFH’s actual results may differ from their expectations,
estimates and projections and consequently, you should not rely on these forward looking statements as predictions of future events.
Words such as “expect,” “estimate,” “project,” “budget,” “forecast,”
“anticipate,” “intend,” “plan,” “may,” “will,” “could,”
“should,” “believes,” “predicts,” “potential,” “continue,” and similar
expressions are intended to identify such forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements include, without limitation,
NFC’s and UFH’s expectations with respect to future performance and anticipated financial impacts of the Business Combination,
the satisfaction of the closing conditions to the Business Combination and the timing of the completion of the Business Combination.
These forward-looking statements involve significant risks and uncertainties that could cause the actual results to differ materially
from the expected results. Most of these factors are outside NFC’s and UFH’s control and are difficult to predict.
Factors that may cause such differences include, but are not limited to: (1) the occurrence of any event, change or other circumstances
that could give rise to the termination of the Transaction Agreement or could otherwise cause the Business Combination to fail
to close; (2) the outcome of any legal proceedings that may be instituted against NFC or UFH following the announcement of the
Transaction Agreement and the Business Combination; (3) the inability to complete the Business Combination, including due to failure
to obtain approval of the shareholders of NFC or other conditions to closing in the Transaction Agreement; (4) delays in obtaining
or the inability to obtain necessary regulatory approvals (including approval from healthcare regulators) required to complete
the Business Combination; (5) the receipt of an unsolicited offer from another party for an alternative business transaction that
could interfere with the Business Combination; (6) the inability to obtain the listing of the ordinary shares of the post-acquisition
company on The New York Stock Exchange or any alternative national securities exchange following the Business Combination; (7)
the risk that the announcement and consummation of the Business Combination disrupts current plans and operations; (8) the ability
to recognize the anticipated benefits of the Business Combination, which may be affected by, among other things, competition, the
ability of the combined company to grow and manage growth profitably and retain its key employees; (9) costs related to the Business
Combination; (10) changes in applicable laws or regulations; (11) the possibility that UFH or the post-Business Combination company
may be adversely affected by other economic, business, and/or competitive factors; and (12) other risks and uncertainties indicated
from time to time in the proxy statement relating to the Business Combination, including those under “Risk Factors”
therein, and in NFC’s other filings with the SEC. NFC cautions that the foregoing list of factors is not exclusive. NFC cautions
readers not to place undue reliance upon any forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date made. NFC does not undertake
or accept any obligation or undertaking to release publicly any updates or revisions to any forward-looking statements to reflect
any change in its expectations or any change in events, conditions or circumstances on which any such statement is based.

 




     
     
    

 

No Offer or Solicitation

 

This Current Report
on Form 8-K shall not constitute a solicitation of a proxy, consent or authorization with respect to any securities or in respect
of the Business Combination. This Current Report on Form 8-K shall also not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of
an offer to buy any securities, nor shall there be any sale of securities in any states or jurisdictions in which such offer, solicitation
or sale would be unlawful prior to registration or qualification under the securities laws of any such jurisdiction. No offering
of securities shall be made except by means of a prospectus meeting the requirements of section 10 of the Securities Act, or an
exemption therefrom.

 

Item
9.01 Financial Statements and Exhibits.

 

(d) Exhibits

 



    Exhibit No. 
    Description

    99.1 
    Investor Presentation.

      
     




     
     
    

 

SIGNATURE

 

Pursuant to the requirements
of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned
hereunto duly authorized.

 



     
    NEW FRONTIER CORPORATION

     
     
     

     
    By:
    /s/ Carl Wu

     
     
    Name: Carl Wu

     
     
    Title: Chief Executive Officer

     
     
     

    Dated: September 9, 2019
     
     

 




     
    

 








