
8-K
1
ea122974-8k_forummerger2.htm
CURRENT REPORT



     





 

 

UNITED STATES
SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION
Washington, D.C. 20549

 

FORM 8-K

CURRENT REPORT

 

PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE
SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

 

Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported):
June 11, 2020

 

FORUM MERGER II CORPORATION

(Exact name of registrant as specified in
its charter)

 



    Delaware
     
    001-38615
     
    82-5457906

    (State or other jurisdiction
of incorporation)
     
    (Commission
File Number)
     
    (IRS Employer
Identification No.)

 

1615 South Congress Avenue, Suite 103

Delray Beach, FL 33445

(Address of principal executive offices,
including zip code)

 

Registrant’s telephone number, including
area code: (212) 739-7860

 

Not Applicable
(Former name or former address, if changed since last report)

 

Check the appropriate
box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the
following provisions:

 



    ☐
    Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

     
     

    ☒
    Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

     
     

    ☐
    Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

     
     

    ☐
    Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

 

Securities registered pursuant to Section
12(b) of the Act:

 



    Title of each class
     
    Trading Symbol(s)
     
    Name of each exchange on which registered

    Units, each consisting of one share of Class A common stock and one redeemable warrant
     
    FMCIU
     
    The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC

    Class A common stock, par value $0.0001 per share
     
    FMCI
     
    The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC

    Warrants, each exercisable for one share of Class A common stock
     
    FMCIW
     
    The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC

 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (§230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2
of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (§240.12b-2 of this chapter).

 

Emerging
growth company ☒

 

If an emerging growth company, indicate
by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial
accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. ☐

 



 

 



     
     
    

 



    Item 1.01
    Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement.

 

Merger Agreement

 

On June 11, 2020, Forum
Merger II Corporation, a Delaware corporation (“Forum”), entered into an Agreement and Plan of Merger (the “Merger
Agreement”) with Sprout Merger Sub, Inc., a Delaware corporation and a wholly owned subsidiary of Forum (“Merger
Sub”), Myjojo, Inc., a Delaware corporation (“Ittella Parent”) and Salvatore Galletti, in his capacity
as the holder representative. Pursuant to the transactions contemplated by the terms of the Merger Agreement, and subject to the
satisfaction or waiver of certain conditions set forth therein, Merger Sub will merge with and into Ittella Parent (the “Merger”),
with Ittella Parent surviving the merger in accordance with the Delaware General Corporation Law as a wholly owned subsidiary of
Forum (the transactions contemplated by the Merger Agreement and the related ancillary agreements, the “Business Combination”).

 

Consideration and Sponsor Earnout Shares

 

The aggregate consideration
payable at the closing of the Business Combination (the “Closing”) to the stockholders of Ittella Parent is
approximately $420 million, subject to the purchase price adjustments as set forth in the Merger Agreement (the “Closing
Merger Consideration”). The Closing Merger Consideration is required to be comprised of between $50 million and $75 million
in cash, with the remainder of the Closing Merger Consideration comprised of Forum’s common stock, valued at $10.00 per share.

 

An additional 5,000,000
shares of Forum’s common stock (the “Holdback Shares”) are payable after the Closing to the stockholders
of Ittella Parent if, within the first three years after the Closing, the following conditions are satisfied: (i) if the trading
price of Forum’s common stock equals or exceeds $12.00 on any 20 trading days in any 30-day trading period (the “$12.00
Share Price Trigger”), then 2,500,000 Holdback Shares will be released to the stockholders of Ittella Parent, (ii) if
the trading price of Forum’s common stock equals or exceeds $14.00 on any 20 trading days in any 30-day trading period (each
of such $14.00 trigger and the $12.00 Share Price Trigger, a “Share Price Trigger”), then 2,500,000 Holdback
Shares will be released to the stockholders of Ittella Parent, and (iii) if a change in control occurs, all Holdback Shares not
previously released will be released to the stockholders of Ittella Parent. If the conditions to release of the Holdback Shares
are not satisfied within the first three years of Closing, the Holdback Shares are forfeited.

 

Forum Investors II
LLC, a Delaware limited liability company and the sponsor of Forum (the “Sponsor”), has agreed that at the Closing,
it will place 2,500,000 founder shares of Forum’s common stock held by it (the “Sponsor Earnout Shares”)
into escrow. The vesting, release and forfeiture terms of the Sponsor Earnout Shares are the same as the vesting, release and forefeiture
terms applicable to the Holdback Shares, with 50% of the Sponsor Earnout Shares vesting at each Share Price Trigger, and all Sponsor
Earnout Shares released if a change of control occurs, within the first three years after the Closing.

 

Representations, Warranties and Covenants

 

The Merger Agreement
contains customary representations, warranties and covenants by the parties thereto, including, among other things, covenants with
respect to the conduct of Forum and Ittella Parent during the period between execution of the Merger Agreement and the closing
of the Business Combination (the “Closing”).

 

Conditions to Closing

 

The Closing is subject
to certain conditions, including, among other things, (i) approval by Ittella Parent’s stockholders and the stockholders
of Forum of the Business Combination, (ii) approval of the listing of Forum’s common stock to be issued in connection with
the Business Combination, (iii) that Forum shall have cash available to pay at least $50 million of the Merger Consideration in
cash at the Closing, (iv) that Ittella Parent shall have delivered to Forum certain financial statements of Ittella Parent and
its subsidiaries, together with all related notes and schedules thereto, accompanied by a signed report of Ittella Parent’s
independent auditor with respect thereto, which report shall refer to the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight
Board and (v) as of a moment in time prior to the Closing, Forum shall not have indebtedness for borrowed money that exceeds $5,000,000.

 




    1
     
    

 

Termination

 

The Merger Agreement
may be terminated prior to the Closing under certain circumstances, including, among others, (i) by written consent of Ittella
Parent and Forum, (ii) by written notice from either Forum or Ittella Parent, if the Closing has not occurred on or before September
30, 2020 (the “Termination Date”), unless the terminating party’s failure to comply with its obligations
under the Merger Agreement has resulted in the Closing not occurring on or before such date, (iii) by written notice from either
Forum or Ittella Parent, in the event that the other party breaches any of its representations, warranties, covenants or other
agreements under the Merger Agreement in a manner that would result in the failure of the conditions to Forum’s obligation
to consummate the Business Combination as of the Termination Date and such breach has not been cured within 30 days after receiving
notice, (iv) by written notice to Ittella Parent from Forum if at any time prior to the approval by Forum’s public stockholders,
the board of directors of Forum shall have effected a change in recommendation and (v) by written notice to Forum from Ittella
Parent if at any time prior to the approval by Forum’s public stockholders, if the board of directors of Forum shall have
effected a change in recommendation.

 

The foregoing description
of the Merger Agreement and the Business Combination does not purport to be complete and is qualified in its entirety by the terms
and conditions of the Merger Agreement, a copy of which is attached as Exhibit 2.1 hereto and is incorporated by reference herein.
The Merger Agreement contains representations, warranties and covenants that the respective parties made to each other as of the
date of such agreement or other specific dates. The assertions embodied in those representations, warranties and covenants were
made for purposes of the contract among the respective parties and are subject to important qualifications and limitations agreed
to by the parties in connection with negotiating such agreement. The Merger Agreement has been attached to provide investors with
information regarding its terms and is not intended to provide any other factual information about Forum, Ittella Parent or any
other party to the Merger Agreement. In particular, the representations, warranties, covenants and agreements contained in the
Merger Agreement, which were made only for purposes of such agreement and as of specific dates, were solely for the benefit of
the parties to the Merger Agreement, may be subject to limitations agreed upon by the contracting parties (including being qualified
by confidential disclosures made for the purposes of allocating contractual risk between the parties to the Merger Agreement instead
of establishing these matters as facts) and may be subject to standards of materiality applicable to the contracting parties that
differ from those applicable to investors and reports and documents filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the
“SEC”). Investors should not rely on the representations, warranties, covenants and agreements, or any descriptions
thereof, as characterizations of the actual state of facts or condition of any party to the Merger Agreement. In addition, the
representations, warranties, covenants and agreements and other terms of the Merger Agreement may be subject to subsequent waiver
or modification. The representations and warranties made by the parties in the Merger Agreement will not survive the Closing. Moreover,
information concerning the subject matter of the representations and warranties and other terms may change after the date of the
Merger Agreement, which subsequent information may or may not be fully reflected in Forum’s public disclosures.

 

Restrictive Covenant Agreements

 

In connection with
the entry into the Merger Agreement, Forum entered into restrictive covenant agreements (collectively, the “Restrictive
Covenant Agreements”) with Salvatore Galletti, Sarah Galletti and certain other individuals (the “Restricted
Parties”). Pursuant to the terms of the Restrictive Covenant Agreements, the Restricted Parties have agreed to certain
non-compete, non-solicit and non-disparagement provisions. The foregoing description of the Restrictive Covenant Agreements does
not purport to be complete and is qualified in its entirety by the terms and conditions of the form of Restrictive Covenant Agreement,
a copy of which is filed as Exhibit 10.1 hereto and is incorporated by reference herein.

 

Employment Agreements

 

In connection
with the entry into the Merger Agreement, Forum entered into customary employment agreements or indicative terms of
employment with Salvatore Galletti, Sarah Galletti and certain other individuals, effective as of the Closing (collectively,
the “Employment Agreements”). Pursuant to the terms of the Employment Agreements, Salvatore Galletti,
Sarah Galletti and certain other individuals accepted employment with Forum. The foregoing description of the Employment
Agreements does not purport to be complete and is qualified in its entirety by the terms and conditions of the form of
Employment Agreement, a copy of which is filed as Exhibit 10.2 hereto and is incorporated by reference herein.

 

Sponsor Earnout Letter

 

In connection with
the entry into the Merger Agreement, Forum entered into the Sponsor Earnout Letter with the Sponsor and Ittella Parent (the “Sponsor
Earnout Letter”), pursuant to which the Sponsor agreed that effective upon the Closing, the Sponsor will place the Sponsor
Earnout Shares into escrow and subject such shares to the vesting conditions set forth in the Merger Agreement, as described above
under “Consideration and Sponsor Earnout Shares.” If such vesting conditions are not satisfied, then the Sponsor Earnout
Shares will be forfeited and cancelled. The foregoing description of the Sponsor Earnout Letter does not purport to be complete
and is qualified in its entirety by the terms and conditions of the Sponsor Earnout Letter, a copy of which is filed as Exhibit
10.3 hereto and is incorporated by reference herein.

 




    2
     
    

 

Amended and Restated Registration
Rights Agreement

 

At the Closing,
Forum will enter into an amended and restated registration rights agreement (the “A&R RRA”) with Forum
Investors II LLC, Jefferies LLC, EarlyBirdCapital, Inc., UMB Capital Corporation, Salvatore Galletti, Pizzo Food, Srls and
Stephanie Dieckmann (collectively, the “Investors”), which, among other things, amends and restates the
registration rights agreement entered into by and among Forum, Forum’s initial directors and officers, the Sponsor,
Jefferies LLC and EarlyBirdCapital, Inc. at the time of Forum’s initial public offering. Pursuant to the terms of the
A&R RRA, among other things, Forum will be obligated to file, not later than 120 days after the Closing, a registration
statement covering the shares of common stock issued or issuable to the Investors.

 

In addition, Forum’s
initial investors will agree that they will not transfer (i) 1,250,000 shares of Forum’s Class B common stock (or shares
of common stock issuable in conversion thereof) (the “Founder Shares”) held by them prior to six months after
the Closing and (ii) 1,250,000 Founder Shares held by them prior to the earlier of (x) twelve months after the Closing, (y) the
date on which the last sales price of Forum’s common stock exceeds $12.00, subject to adjustment as provided therein and
(z) the date on which Forum completes a transaction that results in all of Forum’s stockholders having the right to exchange
their shares of common stock for cash, securities or other property. In addition, the holders of shares of Forum’s common
stock received as consideration in the Business Combination will agree not to transfer any of such shares held by them prior to
six months after the Closing.

 

The foregoing description
of the A&R RRA does not purport to be complete and is qualified in its entirety by the terms and conditions of the A&R
RRA, a copy of which is filed as Exhibit 10.4 hereto and is incorporated by reference herein.

 



    Item 7.01
    Regulation FD Disclosure.

 

On June 12, 2020, Forum
and Ittella Parent held an investor call to discuss the Business Combination. A copy of the transcript for the call is furnished
hereto as Exhibit 99.1.

 

The information in
this Item 7.01, including Exhibit 99.1, is furnished and shall not be deemed “filed” for purposes of Section 18 of
the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the “Exchange Act”), or otherwise subject to liabilities under
that section, and shall not be deemed to be incorporated by reference into the filings of Forum under the Securities Act of 1933,
as amended (the “Securities Act”) or the Exchange Act, regardless of any general incorporation language in such
filings. This Current Report on Form 8-K will not be deemed an admission as to the materiality of any information of the information
in this Item 7.01, including Exhibit 99.1.

 

Important Information About the Business
Combination and Where to Find It

 

In connection with
the Business Combination, Forum intends to file a preliminary proxy statement. Forum will mail a definitive proxy statement and
other relevant documents to its stockholders. Forum’s stockholders and other interested persons are advised to read, when
available, the preliminary proxy statement and the amendments thereto and the definitive proxy statement and documents incorporated
by reference therein filed in connection with the Business Combination, as these materials will contain important information about
Forum, Ittella Parent and the Business Combination. When available, the definitive proxy statement and other relevant materials
for the Business Combination will be mailed to stockholders of Forum as of a record date to be established for voting on the Business
Combination. Stockholders will also be able to obtain copies of the preliminary proxy statement, the definitive proxy statement
and other documents filed with the SEC that will be incorporated by reference therein, without charge, once available, at the SEC’s
web site at www.sec.gov, or by directing a request to: Forum Merger II Corporation, 1615 South Congress Avenue, Suite 103, Delray
Beach, FL 33445, Attention: Secretary, telephone: (212) 739-7860.

 

Participants in the Solicitation

 

Forum and its directors
and executive officers may be deemed participants in the solicitation of proxies from Forum’s stockholders with respect to
the Business Combination. A list of the names of those directors and executive officers and a description of their interests in
Forum is contained in Forum’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2019, which was filed with
the SEC and is available free of charge at the SEC’s web site at www.sec.gov, or by directing a request to Forum Merger II
Corporation, 1615 South Congress Avenue, Suite 103, Delray Beach, FL 33445, Attention: Secretary, telephone: (212) 739-7860. Additional
information regarding the interests of such participants will be contained in the proxy statement for the Business Combination
when available.

 




    3
     
    

 

Ittella Parent and
its directors and executive officers may also be deemed to be participants in the solicitation of proxies from the stockholders
of Forum in connection with the Business Combination. A list of the names of such directors and executive officers and information
regarding their interests in the Business Combination will be included in the proxy statement for the Business Combination when
available.

 

Forward-Looking Statements

 

This Current Report
on Form 8-K includes “forward-looking statements” within the meaning of the “safe harbor” provisions of
the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Forum and Ittella Parent’s actual results may differ from their expectations,
estimates and projections and consequently, you should not rely on these forward looking statements as predictions of future events.
Words such as “expect,” “estimate,” “project,” “budget,” “forecast,”
“anticipate,” “intend,” “plan,” “may,” “will,” “could,”
“should,” “believes,” “predicts,” “potential,” “continue,” and similar
expressions are intended to identify such forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements include, without limitation,
Forum’s and Ittella Parent’s expectations with respect to future performance and anticipated financial impacts of the
Business Combination, the satisfaction of the closing conditions to the Business Combination and the timing of the completion of
the Business Combination. These forward-looking statements involve significant risks and uncertainties that could cause the actual
results to differ materially from the expected results. Most of these factors are outside Forum’s and Ittella Parent’s
control and are difficult to predict. Factors that may cause such differences include, but are not limited to: (1) the occurrence
of any event, change or other circumstances that could give rise to the termination of the Merger Agreement or could otherwise
cause the Business Combination to fail to close; (2) the outcome of any legal proceedings that may be instituted against Forum
or Ittella Parent following the announcement of the Merger Agreement and the Business Combination; (3) the inability to complete
the Business Combination, including due to failure to obtain approval of the stockholders of Forum or other conditions to closing
in the Merger Agreement; (4) the receipt of an unsolicited offer from another party for an alternative business transaction that
could interfere with the Business Combination; (5) the inability to obtain the listing of the ordinary shares of the post-acquisition
company on the Nasdaq Stock Market or any alternative national securities exchange following the Business Combination; (6) the
risk that the announcement and consummation of the Business Combination disrupts current plans and operations; (7) the ability
to recognize the anticipated benefits of the Business Combination, which may be affected by, among other things, competition, the
ability of the combined company to grow and manage growth profitably and retain its key employees; (8) costs related to the Business
Combination; (9) changes in applicable laws or regulations; (10) the possibility that Ittella Parent may be adversely affected
by other economic, business, and/or competitive factors; (11) the impact of COVID-19 on the combined company’s business;
and (12) other risks and uncertainties indicated from time to time in the proxy statement to be filed relating to the Business
Combination, including those under “Risk Factors” therein, and in Forum’s other filings with the SEC. Some of
these risks and uncertainties may in the future be amplified by the COVID-19 outbreak and there may be additional risks that Forum
considers immaterial or which are unknown. Forum cautions that the foregoing list of factors is not exclusive. Forum cautions readers
not to place undue reliance upon any forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date made. Forum does not undertake
or accept any obligation or undertaking to release publicly any updates or revisions to any forward-looking statements to reflect
any change in its expectations or any change in events, conditions or circumstances on which any such statement is based.

 

No Offer or Solicitation

 

This Current Report
on Form 8-K shall not constitute a solicitation of a proxy, consent or authorization with respect to any securities or in respect
of the Business Combination. This Current Report on Form 8-K shall also not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of
an offer to buy any securities, nor shall there be any sale of securities in any states or jurisdictions in which such offer, solicitation
or sale would be unlawful prior to registration or qualification under the securities laws of any such jurisdiction. No offering
of securities shall be made except by means of a prospectus meeting the requirements of section 10 of the Securities Act, or an
exemption therefrom.

 



    Item 9.01
    Financial Statements and Exhibits.

 

(d) Exhibits

 



    Exhibit No.
     
    Description

    2.1†
     
    Agreement and Plan or Merger, dated as of June 11, 2020, by and among Forum Merger II Corporation, Sprout Merger Sub, Inc., Myjojo, Inc., and Salvatore Galletti.

    10.1
     
    Form of Restrictive Covenant Agreement.

    10.2
     
    Form of Employment Agreement.

    10.3
     
    Sponsor Earnout Letter, dated as of June 11, 2020, by and among Forum Merger II Corporation, Forum Investors II LLC, Myjojo, Inc. and Salvatore Galletti, as the holder representative.

    10.4
     
    Amended
    and Restated Registration Rights Agreement, dated as of June 11, 2020, by and among Forum Merger II Corporation, Forum
    Investors II LLC, Jefferies LLC, EarlyBirdCapital, Inc., UMB Capital Corporation, Salvatore Galletti, Pizzo Food, Srls and
    Stephanie Dieckmann.

    99.1
     
    Transcript of Investor Call held on June 12, 2020.

 

† Certain of the exhibits and schedules
to this Exhibit have been omitted in accordance with Regulation S-K Item 601(a)(5). The Registrant agrees to furnish a copy of
all omitted exhibits and schedules to the SEC upon its request.

 



    4
     
    

 

SIGNATURE

 

Pursuant to the requirements
of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned
hereunto duly authorized.

 



     
    FORUM MERGER II CORPORATION

     
     
     

    Dated: June 12, 2020
    By:
    /s/ David Boris

     
     
    Name: 
    David Boris

     
     
    Title:
    
        Co-Chief Executive Officer and
        Chief Financial Officer

 

 

5



 

 




