
8-K
1
ea122529-8k_schultzespecial.htm
CURRENT REPORT



     





 

 

UNITED
STATES
SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION
Washington, D.C. 20549

 

FORM
8-K

 

CURRENT
REPORT

 

Pursuant
to Section 13 or 15(d) of the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934

 

Date
of report (Date of earliest event reported): June
1, 2020

 

Schultze
Special Purpose Acquisition Corp.

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)

 



    Delaware
     
    001-38760
     
    83-0891815

    (State
    or other jurisdiction
    of incorporation)
     
    (Commission
    File Number)
     
    (I.R.S.
    Employer
    Identification No.)

 



    800
    Westchester Avenue, Suite 632
    Rye Brook, NY
     
    10573

    (Address
    of principal executive offices)
     
    (Zip
    Code)

 



     
    (914)
                                         701-5260
                                         (Registrant’s telephone number, including area code)
                                                            
        Not
        Applicable
        (Former name or former address, if changed since last report)
     

 

Check
the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the Registrant under
any of the following provisions:

 

☐       Written
communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

 

☒       Soliciting
material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

 

☐       Pre-commencement
communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

 

☐       Pre-commencement
communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

 

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

 



    Title
    of each class
     
    Trading
    Symbol(s)
     
    Name
    of each exchange on which registered

    Units,
    each consisting of one share of Common Stock and one Warrant
     
    SAMAU
     
    The
    Nasdaq Stock Market LLC

    Common
    Stock, par value $0.0001 per share
     
    SAMA
     
    The
    Nasdaq Stock Market LLC

    Warrants,
    each warrant exercisable for one share of Common Stock at an exercise price of $11.50
     
    SAMAW
     
    The
    Nasdaq Stock Market LLC

 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (§230.405
of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (§240.12b-2 of this chapter).

 

Emerging
growth company  ☒

 

If
an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for
complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange
Act.  ☐

 



 

 




     
     
    

 

Item
7.01. Regulation FD Disclosure.

 

Attached
as Exhibit 99.1 to this Current Report on Form 8-K and incorporated herein by reference is the investor presentation to be used
by Schultze Special Purpose Acquisition Corp., a Delaware corporation (“SAMA”), in presentations for certain of SAMA’s
stockholders and other persons with respect to the transactions contemplated by the Letter of Intent described below. Such exhibit
and the information set forth therein is being furnished and shall not be deemed to be filed for purposes of Section 18 of the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the “Exchange Act”), or otherwise be subject to the liabilities of that
section, nor shall it be deemed to be incorporated by reference in any filing under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the
“Securities Act”), or the Exchange Act.

 

Item
8.01. Other Events.

 

On
June 1, 2020, SAMA and Clever Leaves International Inc. (“Clever Leaves”) issued a joint press release announcing
that SAMA and Clever Leaves had entered into a non-binding letter of intent (the “Letter of Intent”) for a proposed
business combination transaction. Clever Leaves is a multi-national cannabis company with a mission to operate in compliance with
federal and state laws and with an emphasis on ecologically sustainable, large-scale cultivation and pharmaceutical-grade processing
as the cornerstones of its global cannabis business. With operations and investments in the United States, Canada, Colombia, Germany
and Portugal, Clever Leaves helps the partners in its ecosystem grow rapidly and contribute value to the global community. Its
mission is to be one of the industry’s leading global cannabis companies recognized for its principles, people, and performance
while fostering a healthier global community.

 

Under
the terms of the Letter of Intent, SAMA and Clever Leaves intend to enter into a definitive agreement pursuant to which SAMA and
Clever Leaves would combine, with the former shareholders of both entities holding equity in the combined public company listed
on Nasdaq and with Clever Leaves’ shareholders owning a majority of that equity. Completion of the proposed transaction
is subject to the negotiation and execution of a definitive agreement and satisfaction of the conditions therein, including approval
of the transaction by SAMA’s stockholders. Accordingly, no assurances can be made that the parties will successfully negotiate
and enter into a definitive agreement, or that the proposed transaction will be consummated on the terms or timeframe currently
contemplated, or at all.

 

A
copy of the press release is attached as Exhibit 99.2 hereto and incorporated herein by reference.

 

Additional
Information and Where to Find It

 

If
a definitive agreement is entered into in connection with the proposed transactions described herein, SAMA and Clever Leaves will
prepare a proxy statement/prospectus for SAMA’s stockholders to be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the
“SEC”). The proxy statement/prospectus will be mailed to SAMA’s stockholders. SAMA and Clever Leaves urge investors,
stockholders and other interested persons to read, when available, the proxy statement/prospectus, as well as other documents
filed with the SEC, because these documents will contain important information about the proposed business combination transaction.
Such persons can also read SAMA’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2019, for a description
of the security holdings of its officers and directors and their respective interests as security holders in the consummation
of the transactions described herein. SAMA’s definitive proxy statement/prospectus will be mailed to stockholders of SAMA
as of a record date to be established for voting on the transactions described in this report. SAMA’s stockholders will
also be able to obtain a copy of such documents, without charge, by directing a request to: Schultze Special Purpose Acquisition
Corp., 800 Westchester Avenue, Suite 632, Rye Brook, New York 10573. These documents, once available, can also be obtained, without
charge, at the SEC’s web site (http://www.sec.gov).

 

Participants
in Solicitation

 

SAMA,
Clever Leaves and their respective directors, executive officers and other members of their management and employees, under SEC
rules, may be deemed to be participants in the solicitation of proxies of SAMA stockholders in connection with the proposed business
combination. Investors and security holders may obtain more detailed information regarding the names, affiliations and interests
of SAMA’s directors in its Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2019, which was filed with
the SEC on March 10, 2020. Information regarding the persons who may, under SEC rules, be deemed participants in the solicitation
of proxies to SAMA’s stockholders in connection with the proposed business combination will be set forth in the proxy statement/prospectus
for the proposed business combination when available. Information concerning the interests of SAMA’s and Clever Leaves’
participants in the solicitation, which may, in some cases, be different than those of SAMA’s and Clever Leaves’ equity
holders generally, will be set forth in the proxy statement/prospectus relating to the proposed business combination when it becomes
available.

 




    1
     
    

 

Non-Solicitation

 

This
Current Report on Form 8-K is not a proxy statement or solicitation of a proxy, consent or authorization with respect to any securities
or in respect of the proposed transaction and shall not constitute an offer to sell or a solicitation of an offer to buy the securities
of SAMA or Clever Leaves, nor shall there be any sale of any such securities in any state or jurisdiction in which such offer,
solicitation, or sale would be unlawful prior to registration or qualification under the securities laws of such state or jurisdiction.
No offer of securities shall be made except by means of a prospectus meeting the requirements of Section 10 of the Securities
Act.

 

Forward
Looking Statements

 

This
Current Report on Form 8-K includes certain statements that are not historical facts but are forward-looking statements for purposes
of the safe harbor provisions under the United States Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Forward-looking statements
generally are accompanied by words such as “believe,” “may,” “will,” “estimate,”
“continue,” “anticipate,” “intend,” “expect,” “should,” “would,”
“plan,” “predict,” “potential,” “seem,” “seek,” “future,”
“outlook,” and similar expressions that predict or indicate future events or trends or that are not statements of
historical matters. Such forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties, which could cause actual results to
differ from the forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements and factors that may cause such differences include,
without limitation, SAMA’s and Clever Leaves’ inability to enter into a definitive agreement with respect to the proposed
business combination transaction or to complete the transactions contemplated by the Letter of Intent; the terms of, and the timing
of entry into the proposed business combination; matters discovered by the parties as they complete their respective due diligence
investigation of the other; the inability to recognize the anticipated benefits of the proposed business combination, which may
be affected by, among other things, the amount of cash available following any redemptions by SAMA stockholders; the ability to
meet Nasdaq’s listing standards following the consummation of the transactions contemplated by the proposed business combination;
costs related to the proposed business combination; expectations with respect to future operating and financial performance and
growth, including when Clever Leaves will become cash flow positive; the timing of the completion of the proposed business combination;
Clever Leaves’ ability to execute its business plans and strategy and to receive regulatory approvals; potential litigation
involving the parties; global economic conditions; geopolitical events, natural disasters, acts of God and pandemics, including,
but not limited to, the economic and operational disruptions and other effects of COVID-19; regulatory requirement and changes
thereto; access to additional financing; and other risks and uncertainties indicated from time to time in filings with the SEC.
Other factors include the possibility that the proposed transaction does not close, including due to the failure to receive required
security holder approvals, or the failure of other closing conditions. The foregoing list of factors is not exclusive. Additional
information concerning certain of these and other risk factors is contained in SAMA’s most recent filings with the SEC and
will be contained in the proxy statement/prospectus expected to be filed in connection with the proposed transactions described
above. All subsequent written and oral forward-looking statements concerning SAMA or Clever Leaves, the transactions described
herein or other matters and attributable to SAMA, Clever Leaves or any person acting on their behalf are expressly qualified in
their entirety by the cautionary statements above. Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance upon any forward-looking
statements, which speak only as of the date made. Each of SAMA and Clever Leaves expressly disclaims any obligations or undertaking
to release publicly any updates or revisions to any forward-looking statements contained herein to reflect any change in SAMA’s
and Clever Leaves’ expectations with respect thereto or any change in events, conditions or circumstances on which any statement
is based.

 

Item
9.01. Financial Statements and Exhibits.

 

(d)       Exhibits.

 



    Exhibit
    No.
     
    Description

    99.1
     
    Form of Investor Presentation

    99.2
     
    Press Release, dated June 1, 2020

 




    2
     
    

 

SIGNATURE

 

Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf
by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.

 



     
    SCHULTZE
    SPECIAL PURPOSE ACQUISITION CORP.

     
     

     
    By: 
    /s/ George J. Schultze

     
     
    Name: George
    J. Schultze

     
     
    Title:   Chief Executive Officer

 

Date:
June 1, 2020



 

 

3



 

 




