
8-K
1
ea121637-8k_gordonpointe.htm
CURRENT REPORT



     





 

 

UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington, D.C. 20549

 

FORM 8-K

 

CURRENT REPORT

 

PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE
SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

 

Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported):
May 11, 2020

 

GORDON POINTE ACQUISITION CORP.

(Exact name of registrant as specified in
its charter)

 



    Delaware
     
    001-38363
     
    82-1270173

    (State or other jurisdiction
of incorporation)
     
    (Commission File Number)
     
    (IRS Employer
Identification No.)

 

780 Fifth Avenue South

Naples, FL 34102

(Address of principal executive offices,
including zip code)

 

Registrant’s telephone number, including
area code: (412) 960-4687

 

Not Applicable
(Former name or former address, if changed since last report)

 

Check the appropriate box below if the
Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:

 



    ☐
    Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

     
     

    ☒
    Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

     
     

    ☐
    Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

     
     

    ☐
    Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

 

Securities registered pursuant to Section
12(b) of the Act:

 



    Title of each class
     
    Trading Symbol(s)
     
    
        Name of each exchange on
        which registered

    Units, each consisting of one share of Class A common stock, $0.0001 par value, and one Warrant
     
    GPAQU
     
    Nasdaq Capital Market

    Class A common stock, $0.0001 par value per share
     
    GPAQ
     
    Nasdaq Capital Market

    Warrants to purchase Class A common stock
     
    GPAQW
     
    Nasdaq Capital Market

 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (§230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2
of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (§240.12b-2 of this chapter).

 

Emerging growth company ☒

 

If an emerging growth company, indicate
by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial
accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. ☐

 



 

 



     
     
    

 

Item 8.01 Other Events.




 

Gordon Pointe Acquisition
Corp. (the “Company”) previously announced that it will hold a special meeting of stockholders on Thursday, May 14,
2020 at 9:00 A.M. Eastern (the “Special Meeting”) to vote to further extend the deadline to consummate its initial
business combination to June 15, 2020, plus an option for the Company to further extend such date for an additional 30 days to
July 15, 2020 (the “Extension”).

 

On May 11, 2020, the
Company issued a press release announcing that if the Extension is approved, the Company’s will increase the amount being
contributed to the trust account established in connection with the Company’s initial public from $0.03 to $0.04 for each
share of the Company’s common stock issued in its initial public offering (each, a “Public Share”) that is not
redeemed in connection with the stockholder vote to approve the extension of the deadline to June 15, 2020, plus the Company is
increasing the additional amount being contributed to the trust account if the Company elects to further extend the deadline for
30 days from $0.03 to $0.04 per Public Share. The Contribution will increase the pro rata portion of the funds available in the
trust account from approximately $10.76 per Public Share to approximately $10.84 per Public Share. The Contribution is conditioned
upon the implementation of the Extension. If the Extension is implemented, the Company’s sponsor will make the initial Contribution
on or before May 14, 2020 and, if the Company elects to further extend the deadline for an additional 30 days, the second Contribution
will be deposited in the trust account within two business days prior to the beginning of such 30-day period. 

 

The press release is
attached as Exhibit 99.1 hereto and is incorporated into this Item 8.01 by reference.

 

Additional Information

 

In connection with
the proposed business combination between the Company and HOFV, the Company’s wholly-owned subsidiary GPAQ Acquisition Holdings,
Inc. (“Holdings”) has filed with the SEC a registration statement on Form S-4, as amended by Post-Effective Amendment
No. 2, which became effective on March 24, 2020, for the Holdings securities to be issued to the security holders of the Company
and the members of HOF Village Newco, LLC at the closing of the business combination, which includes a preliminary proxy statement/prospectus
and other documents concerning the proposed business combination and related matters (the “Registration Statement and Merger
Proxy Statement”). Investors and security holders are advised to read the Registration Statement and the Merger Proxy
Statement, and amendments thereto and the definitive proxy statements, when available, which will contain important information
about the proposed extension and the proposed business combination and the parties to it. The Registration Statement and definitive
Merger Proxy Statement will be mailed to stockholders of the Company as of a record date to be established for voting on the proposed
business combination. Stockholders will also be able to obtain copies of the Registration Statement and Merger Proxy Statement,
without charge, at the SEC’s website at www.sec.gov or by directing a request to: Gordon Pointe Acquisition Corp., 780 Fifth
Avenue South, Naples, FL 34102.

 



    1
     
    

  

Forward-Looking Statements

 

Certain statements
made herein are “forward-looking statements” within the meaning of the “safe harbor” provisions of the
Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Forward-looking statements may be identified by the use of words such as “anticipate”,
“believe”, “expect”, “estimate”, “plan”, “outlook”, and “project”
and other similar expressions that predict or indicate future events or trends or that are not statements of historical matters.
Such forward-looking statements include timing of the proposed merger; the business plans, objectives, expectations and intentions
of the parties once the transaction is complete, and Holding’s, the Company’s and HOFV’s estimated and future
results of operations, business strategies, competitive position, industry environment and potential growth opportunities, relating
to the acquired business. These forward-looking statements reflect the current analysis of existing information and are subject
to various risks and uncertainties. As a result, caution must be exercised in relying on forward-looking statements. Due to known
and unknown risks, our actual results may differ materially from our expectations or projections. The following factors, among
others, could cause actual results to differ materially from those described in these forward-looking statements: the impact of
the Coronavirus on GPAQ and HOFV, the occurrence of any event, change or other circumstances that could give rise to the termination
of the Merger Agreement and the proposed transaction contemplated thereby; the inability to complete the transactions contemplated
by the Merger Agreement due to the failure to obtain approval of the stockholders of the Company or other conditions to closing
in the Merger Agreement; the outcome of any legal proceedings that have been, or will be, instituted against the Company or other
parties to the Merger Agreement following announcement of the Merger Agreement and transactions contemplated therein; the ability
of Holding’s to meet NASDAQ listing standards following the merger and in connection with the consummation thereof; the failure
to obtain the financing arrangements necessary to complete the development of the project; the failure to achieve the assumptions
underlying certain of the financial projections included within the investor presentation including, among others, securing the
timely financing for, and achieving construction of, the second phase of the project within assumed time and financial budget,
and achieving expected attendance and occupancy rates; risks that the proposed transaction disrupts current plans and operations
and the potential difficulties in employee retention as a result of the announcement of the Merger Agreement and consummation of
the transaction described therein; costs related to the proposed merger and the impact of the substantial indebtedness to be incurred
to finance the consummation of the merger; changes in applicable laws or regulations; the ability of the combined company to meet
its financial and strategic goals, due to, among other things, competition, the ability of the combined company to grow and manage
growth profitability, maintain relationships with customers and retain its key employees; the possibility that the combined company
may be adversely affected by other economic, business, and/or competitive factors; and other risks and uncertainties described
herein, as well as those risks and uncertainties discussed from time to time in other reports and other public filings with the
SEC by the Company and Holdings.

 

Participants in the Solicitation

 

The Company, Holdings,
HOFV, Newco and their respective directors, executive officers and other members of their management and employees, under SEC rules,
may be deemed to be participants in the solicitation of proxies of the Company’s stockholders in connection with the proposed
business combination. Investors and security holders may obtain more detailed information regarding the names, affiliations and
interests in the Company’s directors in its Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2019, which
was filed with the SEC on March 10, 2020, and also in the Registration Statement on Form S-4 filed with the SEC and declared effective
on February 14, 2020, as amended by Post-Effective Amendment No. 2 to Registration Statement filed with the SEC and declared effective
on March 24, 2020, which includes the proxy statement/prospectus of the Company for the proposed transaction. Information regarding
the persons who may, under SEC rules, be deemed participants in the solicitation of proxies to the Company’s stockholders
in connection with the proposed business combination, and information concerning the interests of the Company’s and Newco’s
participants in the solicitation, which may, in some cases, be different than those of the Company’s and Newco’s equity
holders generally, is set forth in the Post-Effective Amendment No. 2 to Registration Statement.

  

Non-Solicitation

 

This communication
is not a proxy statement or solicitation of a proxy, consent or authorization with respect to any securities or in respect of the
proposed transaction and shall not constitute an offer to sell or a solicitation of an offer to buy any securities, nor shall
there be any sale of any such securities in any state or jurisdiction in which such offer, solicitation, or sale would be unlawful
prior to registration or qualification under the securities laws of such state or jurisdiction. No offer of securities shall be
made except by means of a prospectus meeting the requirements of Section 10 of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. 

 

Item 9.01 Financial Statements and Exhibits

 



    Exhibit
Number
     
    Description

     
     
     

    99.1
     
    Press Release dated May 11, 2020

 



    2
     
    

 

SIGNATURE

 

Pursuant to the requirements
of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned
hereunto duly authorized.

 



     
    GORDON POINTE ACQUISITION CORP.

     
     
     

     
    By:
    /s/ James J. Dolan

     
     
    Name: James J. Dolan

     
     
    Title: Chief Executive Officer

    Dated: May 11, 2020
     
     

 

 



3

 






