
8-K
1
pacq20200519_8k.htm
FORM 8-K


	pacq20200519_8k.htm

	


 



 

UNITED STATES
SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION
Washington, D.C. 20549

 

 


 

FORM 8-K

CURRENT REPORT

 

 


 

Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of
the Securities Exchange Act of 1934

 

Date of report (Date of earliest event reported): May 20, 2020

 

 


 



		
			
			Pure Acquisition Corp.
			
		
		
			
			(Exact Name of Registrant as Specified in its Charter)
			
		



 

 


 



		
			
			Delaware
			
			
			001-38454
			
			
			82-3434680
			
		
		
			
			(State or Other Jurisdiction
			of Incorporation)
			
			
			(Commission File Number)
			
			
			(IRS Employer
			Identification No.)
			
		
		
			
			 
			
			
			 
			
			
			 
			
		
		
			
			 
			
		
		
			
			421 W. 3rd St., Suite 1000

			Fort Worth, Texas 76102
			
		
		
			
			(Address of principal executive offices)

			(Zip code)
			
		
		
			
			 

			(817) 850-9203
			
		
		
			
			Registrant’s Telephone Number, including Area Code
			
		
		
			
			 
			
			
			 
			
			
			 
			
		
		
			
			Not Applicable
			
		
		
			
			(Former Name or Former Address, If Changed Since Last Report)
			
		



 

 


 

Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:

 



		
			
			☒
			
			
			Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)
			
		



 



		
			
			☒
			
			
			Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)
			
		



 



		
			
			☐
			
			
			Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))
			
		



 



		
			
			☐
			
			
			Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))
			
		



 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

 



		
			
			Title of each class
			
			
			 
			
			
			Trading Symbol(s)
			
			
			 
			
			
			Name of each exchange 

			on which registered
			
		
		
			
			Class A Common Stock, par value $0.0001 per share
			
			
			 
			
			
			PACQ
			
			
			 
			
			
			NASDAQ
			
		
		
			
			Warrants, each Warrant exercisable for one share of Class A Common Stock at an exercise price of $11.50
			
			
			 
			
			
			PACQW
			
			
			 
			
			
			NASDAQ
			
		
		
			
			Units, each consisting of one share of Class A Common Stock and one-half of one Warrant
			
			
			 
			
			
			PACQU
			
			
			 
			
			
			NASDAQ
			
		



 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (§230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (§240.12b-2 of this chapter). Emerging growth company ☒

 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. ☐

 



 




 






 




 



		
			
			Item 5.03.
			
			
			Amendments to Articles of Incorporation or Bylaws; Change in Fiscal Year.
			
		



 

On May 15, 2020, Pure Acquisition Corp., a Delaware corporation (the “Company”), held a special meeting of stockholders (the “Meeting”). As a result of the Meeting, on May 15, 2020, the Company filed with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware the Company’s Fourth Amendment to its Second Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation (the “Extension Amendment”). The Extension Amendment extends the date by which the Company must consummate a business combination from May 21, 2020 to August 21, 2020. A copy of the Extension Amendment is attached as Exhibit 3.1 hereto and is incorporated by reference herein.

 



		
			
			Item 5.07.
			
			
			Submission of Matters to a Vote of Security Holders.
			
		



 

At the Meeting, on May 15, 2020, the Company’s stockholders approved the Extension Amendment. The affirmative vote of holders of at least the majority of the Company’s outstanding Class A common stock and Class B common stock was required to approve the Extension Amendment. The number of shares of Class A common stock presented for redemption in connection with the Meeting was 30,603,570.

 

Set forth below are the final voting results the Extension Amendment proposal:

 

Proposal No. 1 – Extension Amendment

 

The Extension Amendment was approved. The voting results were as follows:

 



		
			
			Votes For
			
			
			 
			
			
			Votes Against
			
			
			 
			
			
			Abstentions
			
			
			 
			
			
			Broker Non-Votes
			
		
		
			
			35,633,789
			
			
			 
			
			
			1,329,645
			
			
			 
			
			
			230,000
			
			
			 
			
			
			0
			
		



 



		
			
			Item 8.01 
			
			
			Other Events
			
		



 

To the extent required, the information included in Item 5.03 of this Current Report on Form 8-K is incorporated in this Item 8.01 by reference.

 



		
			
			Item 9.01
			
			
			Financial Statements and Exhibits.
			
		



 

(d)     Exhibits.

 



		
			
			Exhibit

			Number
			
			
			 
			
			
			Description
			
		
		
			
			3.1
			
			
			 
			
			
			Fourth Amendment to Second Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation, as filed with the State of Delaware on May 19, 2020
			
		



 




1






 




 

Legend Information

 

Forward-Looking Statements

 

The information included herein and in any oral statements made in connection herewith include “forward-looking statements” within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the “Securities Act”), and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. All statements, other than statements of present or historical fact included in this Current Report, regarding the Company’s proposed business combination are forward looking statements. When used in this Current Report herein, including any oral statements made in connection herewith, the words “could,” “should,” “will,” “may,” “believe,” “anticipate,” “intend,” “estimate,” “expect,” “project,” the negative of such terms and other similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements, although not all forward-looking statements contain such identifying words. These forward-looking statements are based on management’s current expectations and assumptions about future events and are based on currently available information as to the outcome and timing of future events. Except as otherwise required by applicable law, the Company and HighPeak Energy, Inc. (“HighPeak Energy”) disclaim any duty to update any forward-looking statements, all of which are expressly qualified by the statements in this section, to reflect events or circumstances after the date of this Current Report. The Company and HighPeak Energy caution you that these forward-looking statements are subject to all of the risks and uncertainties, most of which are difficult to predict and many of which are beyond the control of the Company and HighPeak Energy, incident to the development, production, gathering and sale of oil, natural gas and natural gas liquids. These risks include, but are not limited to, commodity price volatility, low prices for oil and/or natural gas, global economic conditions, inflation, increased operating costs, lack of availability of drilling and production equipment, supplies, services and qualified personnel, certificates related to new technologies, geographical concentration of operations, environmental risks, weather risks, security risks, drilling and other operating risks, regulatory changes, the uncertainty inherent in estimating oil and natural gas reserves and in projecting future rates of production, reductions in cash flow, lack of access to capital, HighPeak Energy’s ability to satisfy future cash obligations, restrictions in existing or future debt agreements, the timing of development expenditures, managing growth and integration of acquisitions, failure to realize expected value creation from property acquisitions, title defects and limited control over non-operated properties. Should one or more of the risks or uncertainties described in this Current Report and in any oral statements made in connection therewith occur, or should underlying assumptions prove incorrect, actual results and plans could differ materially from those expressed in any forward-looking statements. Additional information concerning these and other factors that may impact the Company’s and HighPeak Energy’s expectations and projections can be found in the Company’s periodic filings with the SEC, including the Company’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2019, as well as HighPeak Energy’s Registration Statement on Form S-4, filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”) on December 2, 2019, as amended on January 10, 2020 and as further amended on May 13, 2020. HighPeak Energy’s and the Company’s SEC Filings are available publicly on the SEC’s website at www.sec.gov.

 

No Offer or Solicitation

 

This Current Report is for informational purposes only and shall not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy any securities pursuant to the business combination or otherwise, nor shall there be any sale of securities in any jurisdiction in which the offer, solicitation or sale would be unlawful prior to the registration or qualification under the securities laws of any such jurisdiction. No offer of securities shall be made except by means of a prospectus meeting the requirements of Section 10 of the Securities Act.

 

Important Information For Investors and Stockholders

 

In connection with the proposed business combination, HighPeak Energy has filed with the SEC a registration statement on Form S-4, which includes a prospectus of HighPeak Energy and a proxy statement of the Company. The Company and HighPeak Energy have also filed other documents with the SEC regarding the proposed business combination. After the registration statement has been declared effective by the SEC, a definitive proxy statement/prospectus will be mailed to the shareholders of the Company. INVESTORS AND SHAREHOLDERS OF THE COMPANY ARE URGED TO READ THE PROXY STATEMENT/PROSPECTUS (INCLUDING ALL AMENDMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTS THERETO) AND OTHER DOCUMENTS RELATING TO THE PROPOSED BUSINESS COMBINATION THAT WILL BE FILED WITH THE SEC CAREFULLY AND IN THEIR ENTIRETY WHEN THEY BECOME AVAILABLE BECAUSE THEY WILL CONTAIN IMPORTANT INFORMATION ABOUT THE PROPOSED BUSINESS COMBINATION. Investors and shareholders will be able to obtain free copies of the proxy statement/prospectus and other documents containing important information about the Company and HighPeak Energy once such documents are filed with the SEC, through the website maintained by the SEC at www.sec.gov. In addition, stockholders will be able to obtain free copies of the proxy statement/prospectus by directing a request to: Pure Acquisition Corp., 421 W. 3rd St., Suite 1000, Fort Worth, Texas 76102, email: IR@highpeakenergy.com, Attn: Investor Relations.

 




2






 




 

Participants in the Solicitation

 

The Company, HighPeak Energy and their respective directors and executive officers may be deemed to be participants in the solicitation of proxies from the Company’s shareholders in connection with the proposed transactions. Information about the directors and executive officers of the Company is set forth in the Company’s Annual Report on Form 10-K which was filed with the SEC on March 13, 2020. Other information regarding the participants in the proxy solicitation and a description of their direct and indirect interests, by security holdings or otherwise, is set forth in the proxy statement/prospectus relating to the business combination.

 

Additional Information About the Business Combination and Where to Find It

 

In connection with the proposed business combination, HighPeak Energy has filed a registration statement on Form S-4 and the related proxy statement/prospectus with the SEC. Additionally, the Company and HighPeak Energy have filed other relevant materials with the SEC in connection with the proposed business combination. The materials filed by the Company and HighPeak Energy with the SEC may be obtained free of charge at the SEC’s web site at www.sec.gov. Investors and security holders of the Company are urged to read the proxy statement/prospectus and the other relevant materials when they become available before making any voting or investment decision with respect to the proposed business combination because they will contain important information about the business combination and the parties to the business combination.

 

The Company, HighPeak Energy and their respective directors and executive officers may be deemed to be participants in the solicitation of proxies of the Company’s shareholders in connection with the proposed business combination. Investors and security holders may obtain more detailed information regarding the names, affiliations and interests of certain of the Company’s executive officers and directors in the solicitation by reading the Company’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2019, and the proxy statement/prospectus and other relevant materials filed with the SEC in connection with the business combination when they become available. Information concerning the interests of the Company’s and HighPeak Energy’s participants in the solicitation, which may, in some cases, be different than those of their stockholders generally, is set forth in the proxy statement/prospectus relating to the business combination.

 




3






 




 

SIGNATURES

 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.

 



		
			
			 
			
			
			PURE ACQUISITION CORP.
			
			
			 
			
		
		
			
			 
			
			
			 
			
			
			 
			
			
			 
			
		
		
			
			 
			
			
			 
			
			
			 
			
			
			 
			
		
		
			
			Date: May 20, 2020
			
			
			By:
			
			
			/s/ Steven W. Tholen
			
			
			 
			
		
		
			
			 
			
			
			 
			
			
			Name: Steven W. Tholen
			
			
			 
			
		
		
			
			 
			
			
			 
			
			
			Title: Chief Financial Officer
			
			
			 
			
		



 

4




 







