
8-K
1
f8k111819_boxwoodmerger.htm
CURRENT REPORT



     





 

 

UNITED
STATES
SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION
Washington, D.C. 20549

 

FORM
8-K

 

CURRENT
REPORT

 

PURSUANT
TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE
SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

 

Date
of Report (Date of earliest event reported): November 20, 2019

 



 

 

BOXWOOD
MERGER CORP.

(Exact
name of registrant as specified in its charter)

 



 

 



    Delaware
     
    001-38745
     
    83-0808563

    (State
    or other jurisdiction
    of incorporation)
     
    (Commission
    File Number)
     
    (IRS
    Employer
    Identification No.)

 

8801
Calera Drive

Austin,
Texas 78735 

(Address
of principal executive offices, including zip code)

 

Registrant’s
telephone number, including area code: (512) 575-3637

 

N/A

(Former
name or former address, if changed since last report)

 



 

 

Check
the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant
under any of the following provisions:

 



    ☐
    Written
    communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

     
     

    ☐
    Soliciting
    material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

     
     

    ☐
    Pre-commencement
    communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

     
     

    ☐
    Pre-commencement
    communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

 

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

 



    Title
    of each class
     
    Trading
    Symbol(s)
     
    Name
    of each exchange on which registered

    Units,
    each consisting of one share of Class A common stock and one Warrant
     
    BWMCU
     
    The
    Nasdaq Stock Market LLC

    Class
    A common stock, $0.0001 par value per share
     
    BWMC
     
    The
    Nasdaq Stock Market LLC

    Warrants,
    each exercisable for one share of Class A common stock
     
    BWMCW
     
    The
    Nasdaq Stock Market LLC

 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (§230.405
of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (§240.12b-2 of this chapter).

 

Emerging
growth company ☒

 

If
an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for
complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. ☐

 



 

  




     
     
    

 






    Item 7.01
    Regulation
    FD Disclosure.

 

Furnished
as Exhibit 99.1 hereto is a press release, dated November 20, 2019, issued by Atlas Intermediate Holdings LLC (“Atlas”)
announcing its entry into an agreement to acquire Long Engineering, Inc. (“Long Engineering”). As previously announced,
Boxwood Merger Corp. (“Boxwood” or the “Company”) entered into a definitive agreement with Atlas pursuant
to which Atlas will become a wholly-owned indirect subsidiary of Boxwood. Boxwood has scheduled a stockholder meeting for December
12, 2019 relating to the approval by its stockholders of the business combination with Atlas (the “business combination”)
and certain related matters.

 

The
information in this Item 7.01, including Exhibit 99.1, is being furnished and shall not be deemed “filed” for purposes
of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the “Exchange Act”), or otherwise be subject to
liabilities under that section, and shall not be deemed to be incorporated by reference into any filings of the Company under
the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the “Securities Act”), or the Exchange Act, regardless of any general incorporation
language in such filings. This Current Report on Form 8-K (the “Current Report”) shall not be deemed an admission
as to the materiality of any information in this Item 7.01, including Exhibit 99.1.

 

Important
Information About the Business Combination and Where to Find It

 

In
connection with the business combination, Boxwood has filed on November 12, 2019 a definitive proxy statement with the SEC. The
definitive proxy statement and other relevant documents has been sent or given to the stockholders of Boxwood as of November 6,
2019, the record date established for voting on the proposed transaction and contains important information about the business
combination and related matters. Boxwood stockholders and other interested persons are advised to read the definitive proxy statement
and any amendments thereto in connection with Boxwood’s solicitation of proxies for the meeting of stockholders to be held
to approve, among other things, the business combination, because the proxy statement contains important information about Boxwood,
Atlas and the business combination. The definitive proxy statement has been mailed on November 12, 2019 to Boxwood stockholders
as of November 6, 2019, the record date established for voting on the proposed transaction. Stockholders are also able to obtain
copies of the proxy statement, without charge, at the website of the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”)
at www.sec.gov. Copies of the documents filed with the SEC by Boxwood can be obtained free of charge at https://www.cstproxy.com/boxwoodmc/2019
or by directing a written request to Boxwood Merger Corp., 8801 Calera Drive, Austin, Texas 78735 or by telephone at 512-575-3637.

 

Participants
in the Solicitation

 

Boxwood
and Atlas and their respective directors and executive officers may be deemed participants in the solicitation of proxies of Boxwood
stockholders in connection with the business combination. Information about such persons, including their names and a description
of their interests in Boxwood, Atlas and the business combination, as applicable, are set forth in the proxy statement for the
proposed transaction. The proxy statement is available free of charge at the SEC’s website at www.sec.gov, or by directing
a request to Boxwood, 8801 Calera Drive, Austin, Texas 78735 or by telephone at 512-575-3637.

 




    1
     
    

 

Forward-Looking
Statements

 

This
Current Report includes certain statements that may constitute “forward-looking statements” for purposes of the federal
securities laws. Forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to, statements that refer to projections, forecasts or
other characterizations of future events or circumstances, including any underlying assumptions. The words “anticipate,”
“believe,” “continue,” “could,” “estimate,” “expect,” “intends,”
“may,” “might,” “plan,” “possible,” “potential,” “predict,”
“project,” “should,” “would” and similar expressions may identify forward-looking statements,
but the absence of these words does not mean that a statement is not forward-looking. Forward-looking statements may include,
for example, statements about: the parties’ ability to effect the business combination and Atlas’ ability to effect
the acquisition of Long Engineering; the benefits of the business combination and the acquisition of Long Engineering; the future
financial performance of Boxwood and Atlas following the transaction; and changes in Atlas’ strategy, future operations,
financial position, estimated revenues, and losses, projected costs, prospects, plans and objectives of management. These forward-looking
statements are based on information available as of the date of this Current Report, and current expectations, forecasts and assumptions,
and involve a number of judgments, risks and uncertainties. Accordingly, forward-looking statements should not be relied upon
as representing the parties’ views as of any subsequent date, and Boxwood and Atlas do not undertake any obligation to update
forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances after the date they were made, whether as a result of new information,
future events or otherwise, except as may be required under applicable securities laws. You should not place undue reliance on
these forward-looking statements. As a result of a number of known and unknown risks and uncertainties, actual results or performance
may be materially different from those expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements. Some factors that could cause
actual results to differ include, but are not limited to: (1) the occurrence of any event, change or other circumstances that
could give rise to the termination of the unit purchase agreement entered into in connection with the business combination (the
“transaction agreement”); (2) the outcome of any legal proceedings that may be instituted against Boxwood or Atlas
following announcement of the proposed business combination and related transactions; (3) the inability to complete the transactions
contemplated by the transaction agreement due to the failure to obtain approval of the stockholders of Boxwood or satisfy other
conditions to the closing of the business combination and the inability to complete the transactions contemplated by the agreement
between Atlas and Long Engineering due to the failure to satisfy the conditions to the closing of such transactions; (4)
the ability to obtain or maintain the listing of Boxwood’s shares of Class A common stock on Nasdaq following the business
combination; (5) the risk that the business combination disrupts the parties’ current plans and operations as a result of
the announcement and consummation of the transactions described herein; (6) the ability to recognize the anticipated benefits
of the business combination or the acquisition of Long Engineering, which may be affected by, among other things, competition,
the ability of Boxwood, Atlas and Long Engineering to grow and manage growth profitably, maintain relationships with customers
and suppliers and retain management and key employees; (7) costs related to the business combination and the acquisition of Long
Engineering; (8) changes in applicable laws or regulations; (9) the possibility that Boxwood, Atlas or Long Engineering may be
adversely affected by other economic, business, and/or competitive factors; and (10) other risks and uncertainties indicated from
time to time in the proxy statement filed by Boxwood with the SEC in connection with the business combination, including those
under “Risk Factors” therein, and other factors identified in Boxwood’s prior and future filings with the SEC,
available at www.sec.gov.

 

No
Offer or Solicitation

 

This
Current Report shall not constitute a solicitation of a proxy, consent or authorization with respect to any securities or in respect
of the business combination. This Current Report shall also not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to
buy any securities, nor shall there be any sale of securities in any states or jurisdictions in which such offer, solicitation
or sale would be unlawful prior to the registration or qualification under the securities laws of any such jurisdiction. No offer
of securities shall be made except by means of a prospectus meeting the requirements of Section 10 of the Securities Act of 1933,
as amended, or an exemption therefrom.

 



    Item 9.01
    Financial Statements and Exhibits.

 

(d)
Exhibits

 



    Exhibit
    No.
     
    Description

    99.1
     
    Press Release Issued by Atlas Intermediate Holdings LLC, dated November 20, 2019.

 



    2
     
    

 

SIGNATURE

 

Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf
by the undersigned, hereunto duly authorized.

 



     
    BOXWOOD
    MERGER CORP.

     
     

     
    By:
    /s/
    Stephen M. Kadenacy

    Dated:
    November 20, 2019
     
    Name:
    Stephen M. Kadenacy

     
     
    Title:
        Chief Executive Officer
         

 

 

3



 

 




