
8-K
1
ea122160-8k_megalithfin.htm
CURRENT REPORT



     





 



 

UNITED
STATES

SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington,
D.C. 20549

 



 

 

FORM
8-K

 

CURRENT
REPORT

Pursuant
to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934

 

Date
of Report (Date of earliest event reported): May 20, 2020

 

MEGALITH
FINANCIAL ACQUISITION CORP.

(Exact
name of registrant as specified in its charter)

 



    Delaware
     
    001-38633
     
    82-3410369

    (State
    or other jurisdiction
    of incorporation)
     
    (Commission
    File Number)
     
    (IRS
        Employer
        Identification
        No.)

 



    535
        5th Avenue, 29th Floor
        New
        York, New York
     
    10017

    (Address
    of principal executive offices)
     
    (Zip
    Code)

 

Registrant’s
telephone number, including area code: (212) 235-0430

  

Not
Applicable

(Former
name or former address, if changed since last report)

 



 

 

Check
the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation to the registrant
under any of the following provisions:

 



    ☐
    Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)



 



    ☐
    Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)



 



    ☐
    Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))



 



    ☐
    Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))



 

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

 



    Title of each class 
    Trading Symbol(s) 
    Name of each exchange on which registered

    Class A Common Stock 
    MFAC 
    The New York Stock Exchange

    Warrants to purchase Class A Common Stock 
    MFAC.W 
    The New York Stock Exchange

    Units, each consisting of one share of Class A Common Stock and one Warrant 
    MFAC.U 
    The New York Stock Exchange


 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (§230.405
of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (§240.12b-2 of this chapter).

 

Emerging growth company
☒

 

If
an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for
complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. ☐

  

 



 



     
     
    

 



    Item 7.01
    Regulation FD Disclosure.



 

On
May 20, 2020, Megalith Acquisition Corp. (the “Company”) issued a press release to announce that it has entered into
a letter of intent and expects to enter into a definitive agreement to acquire a digital banking platform that is among the fastest
growing in the country with several million accounts. There can be no assurance that a definitive agreement will be entered into
or that the proposed transaction will be consummated. A copy of the press release is attached as Exhibit 99.1 hereto and incorporated
by reference herein.

 

The
information in this Item 7.01, including Exhibit 99.1, is furnished and shall not be deemed “filed” for purposes of
Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the “Exchange Act”), or otherwise subject to liabilities
under that section, and shall not be deemed to be incorporated by reference into the filings of the Company under the Securities
Act of 1933, as amended (the “Securities Act”), or the Exchange Act, regardless of any general incorporation language
in such filings. This Current Report on Form 8-K will not be deemed an admission as to the materiality of any information of the
information in this Item 7.01, including Exhibit 99.1.

 

Additional
Information and Where to Find It

 

If
a legally binding definitive agreement is entered into, a full description of the terms of the transaction will be provided in
a proxy statement for the stockholders of the Company (the “Transaction Proxy Statement”), to be filed with the U.S.
Securities and Exchange Commission (the “SEC”). The Company urges investors, stockholders and other interested persons
to read, when available, the preliminary Transaction Proxy Statement as well as other documents filed with the SEC because these
documents will contain important information about the Company, the potential target company and the transaction. The definitive
Transaction Proxy Statement will be mailed to stockholders of the Company as of a record date to be established for voting on
the proposed transaction.

 

In
addition, the Company has filed a definitive proxy statement (the “Extension Proxy Statement”) to be used at its special
meeting of stockholders to approve an extension of time in which the Company must complete an initial business combination or
liquidate the trust account that holds the proceeds of the Company’s initial public offering (the “Extension”).
The Company mailed the Extension Proxy Statement and other relevant documents to its stockholders of record as of April 22, 2020
in connection with the Extension. Investors and security holders of the Company are advised to read the Extension Proxy Statement,
the preliminary Transaction Proxy Statement and the definitive Transaction Proxy Statement, and any amendments thereto, because
these documents will contain important information about the Extension, the Company and the proposed transaction. The definitive
Transaction Proxy Statement will be mailed to the Company’s stockholders of record as of a record date to be established
for the special meeting of stockholders relating to the proposed transaction. Stockholders will also be able to obtain copies
of the definitive Extension Proxy Statement and the Transaction Proxy Statement, without charge, once available, at the SEC's
website at www.sec.gov or by directing a request to: Megalith Acquisition Corp., Megalith Acquisition Corp., 535 Fifth Avenue,
29th Floor, New York, New York 10017.

 




    1
     
    

 

Forward
Looking Statements

 

Certain
statements made in this Current Report on Form 8-K are “forward looking statements” within the meaning of the “safe
harbor” provisions of the United States Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. When used in this Current Report
on Form 8-K, the words “estimates,” “projected,” “expects,” “anticipates,” “forecasts,”
“plans,” “intends,” “believes,” “seeks,” “may,” “will,”
“should,” “future,” “propose” and variations of these words or similar expressions (or the
negative versions of such words or expressions) are intended to identify forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements
are not guarantees of future performance, conditions or results, and involve a number of known and unknown risks, uncertainties,
assumptions and other important factors, many of which are outside the Company's control, that could cause actual results or outcomes
to differ materially from those discussed in the forward-looking statements. Important factors, among others, that may affect
actual results or outcomes include: the inability of the Company to enter into a definitive agreement with respect to the proposed
business combination or to complete the contemplated transactions with the potential target company; matters discovered by the
potential target company or the Company as they complete their respective due diligence investigation of the other; the risk that
the approval of the stockholders of the Company for the potential transaction is not obtained; the inability to recognize the
anticipated benefits of the proposed business combination, which may be affected by, among other things, the amount of funds available
in the Company’s trust account following any redemptions by the Company stockholders; the ability to meet the listing requirements
of a national securities exchange following the consummation of the transactions contemplated by the proposed business combination;
costs related to the proposed business combination; and those factors discussed in the Company’s Annual Report on Form 10-K
for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2019 under the heading “Risk Factors,” and other documents of the Company filed,
or to be filed, with the SEC. The Company does not undertake any obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements,
whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, except as required by law.

 

Participants
in the Solicitation

 

The
Company and its directors and executive officers may be considered participants in the solicitation of proxies with respect to
the Extension and the potential transaction described herein under the rules of the SEC. Information about the directors and executive
officers of the Company and a description of their interests in the Company are set forth in the Extension Proxy Statement, which
was filed with the SEC on May 6, 2020, and will also be contained in the Transaction Proxy Statement when it is filed with the
SEC. These documents can be obtained free of charge from the sources indicated above.

 

Non-Solicitation

 

The
disclosure herein is not a proxy statement or solicitation of a proxy, consent or authorization with respect to any securities
or in respect of the potential transaction and shall not constitute an offer to sell or a solicitation of an offer to buy the
securities of the Company, nor shall there be any sale of any such securities in any state or jurisdiction in which such offer,
solicitation, or sale would be unlawful prior to registration or qualification under the securities laws of such state or jurisdiction.
No offer of securities shall be made except by means of a definitive document.

 



    Item 9.01.
    Financial Statements and Exhibits.



 



     
    (d)
    Exhibits.




 



    Exhibit
     
    Description

     
     
     

    99.1
     
    Press Release, Dated May 20, 2020

 



    2
     
    

 

SIGNATURES


 

Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf
by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.

 

Dated:
May 20, 2020

 



     
    MEGALITH
    FINANCIAL ACQUISITION CORP.

     
     
     

     
    By:
    /s/
    A.J. Dunklau

     
    Name:
    A.J.
    Dunklau

     
    Title:
    President
    and Chief Executive Officer

 

 

3

 




