
8-K12B
1
tm2023499d1_8k.htm
FORM 8-K12B



     





 

 

UNITED STATES
SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION
Washington, D.C. 20549

 

FORM 8-K
CURRENT REPORT

 

PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF
THE
SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

 

 

Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported):
June 24, 2020

 

WHOLE
EARTH BRANDS, INC.

(Exact name of registrant as specified in
its charter)

 



    Delaware 
    001-38880 
    38-4101973

    (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation) 
    (Commission File Number) 
    (IRS Employer  Identification No.)


 

125 S. Wacker Drive

Suite 3150
Chicago, IL 60606

(Address of principal executive offices,
including zip code)

 

Registrant’s telephone number, including area code: (312) 840-6000

 

Act II Global Acquisition Corp.
745 5th Avenue
New York, NY 10151

(Former name or former address, if changed
since last report)

 

Check the appropriate box below if the
Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:

 


¨Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the
Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)


 


¨Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the
Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)


 


¨Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b)
under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))


 


¨Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c)
under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))


 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (§ 230.405 of this chapter) or Rule
12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (§ 240.12b-2 of this chapter).

 

Emerging growth company x

 

If an emerging growth company, indicate
by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial
accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. ¨

 

Securities registered pursuant to Section
12(b) of the Act:

 



    Title of each class 
    Trading Symbol(s) 
    Name of each exchange on which registered

    Common stock, par value $0.0001 per share 
    FREE 
    The NASDAQ Stock Market LLC

    Warrants to purchase one-half of one share of common stock 
    FREEW 
    The NASDAQ Stock Market LLC


 



 

 


     
     
    






 

Introductory
Note

 

As previously disclosed,
Act II Global Acquisition Corp., a Cayman Islands exempted company (“Act II”), entered into a Purchase Agreement,
which was subsequently amended on each of February 12, 2020, May 8, 2020, and June 15, 2020 (as amended, the “Purchase
Agreement”), with Flavors Holdings Inc., a Delaware corporation (“Flavors Holdings”), MW Holdings
I LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (“MW Holdings I”), MW Holdings III LLC, a Delaware limited liability
company (“MW Holdings III”), and Mafco Foreign Holdings, Inc., a Delaware corporation (“Mafco Foreign
Holdings,” and together with Flavors Holdings, MW Holdings I, and MW Holdings II, the “Sellers”),
and for the purposes of Amendments No. 2 and 3 to the Purchase Agreement, Project Taste Intermediate LLC, a Delaware limited liability
company. The Purchase Agreement provided for, among other things, Act II’s (or its designee’s) purchase of all of the
outstanding equity interests of Merisant Company, Merisant Luxembourg, Mafco Worldwide LLC, Mafco Shanghai LLC, EVD Holdings LLC,
and Mafco Deutschland GmbH, in accordance with the terms and subject to the conditions of the Purchase Agreement (the transactions
contemplated by the Purchase Agreement being collectively referred to herein as the “Business Combination”).

 

On June 24, 2020, following
the approval of the Business Combination at the extraordinary general meeting of the shareholders of Act II (the “Shareholders
Meeting”), and approval of the Warrant Amendment (as described below) at the special meeting of the public warrant holders
of Act II, each held on June 24, 2020, Act II domesticated into a Delaware corporation (the “Domestication”),
and on June 25, 2020, consummated the remainder of the transactions contemplated by the Business Combination. In connection with
the Domestication, the registrant changed its name from “Act II Global Acquisition Corp.” to “Whole Earth Brands,
Inc.” (the “Company” or “Whole Earth Brands”). Unless otherwise defined herein, capitalized
terms used in this Current Report on Form 8-K have the same meaning as set forth in the final prospectus and definitive proxy
statement (the “Proxy Statement/Prospectus”) filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the “SEC”)
on May 13, 2020, by Act II, and/or the supplement thereto (the “Supplement”) filed with the SEC on June 18,
2020, by Act II.

 


Item 1.01.Entry into Material Definitive Agreement.

 

Credit Agreement 

 

In connection with
the Business Combination, on June 25, 2020, the Company entered into a senior secured loan agreement (the “Credit Agreement”)
with Toronto Dominion (Texas) LLC, as administrative agent, and certain lenders, consisting of the following credit facilities
(the “Credit Facilities”): (x) a term loan facility of $140 million (the “Term Loan Facility”)
and (y) a revolving loan facility of up to $50 million (the “Revolving Facility”). The Revolving Facility
included (x) a borrowing capacity available for letters of credit up to $5 million and (z) a $10 million sublimit for swingline
loans. Any issuance of letters of credit or swingline loan advances reduces the amount available under the Revolving Facility.
Each of the Credit Facilities matures on June 25, 2025.

 

Loans outstanding
under the Credit Facilities will accrue interest at a rate per annum equal to LIBOR, with a LIBOR floor of 1.00%, plus a margin
between 3.00% and 3.75%, or, at Company’s option, a base rate based on the highest of the prime rate, the federal funds rate
plus 0.50%, LIBOR for a one-month interest period plus 1.00%, and 2.00%, in each case plus an applicable margin between 2.00% and
2.75%, with the margin in each case depending upon a total net leverage ratio, and undrawn amounts under the Revolving Facility
will accrue a commitment fee at a rate per annum between ranging between 0.30% and 0.40% on the average daily undrawn portion of
the commitments thereunder, with the applicable depending upon a total net leverage ratio.

 

The obligations under
the Credit Facilities are guaranteed by certain direct or indirect wholly-owned domestic subsidiaries of the Company, other than
certain excluded subsidiaries, including, but not limited to, immaterial subsidiaries and foreign subsidiaries. The Credit Facilities
are secured by substantially all of the personal property of the Company and the guarantor subsidiaries (in each case, subject
to certain exclusions and qualifications).

 

The Credit Facilities
require the Company to make certain mandatory prepayments, with (i) 100% of net cash proceeds of all non-ordinary course asset
sales or other dispositions of property in excess of $5,000,000 in any fiscal year, subject to the ability to reinvest such proceeds
and certain other exceptions, (ii) 100% of the net cash proceeds of any debt incurrence, other than debt permitted under the definitive
agreements (but excluding debt incurred to refinance the Credit Facilities) and (iii) 50% of “Excess Cash Flow,” as
defined in the Credit Agreement which is included as an exhibit to this Current Report on Form 8-K, with a reduction to 25%
if the total net leverage ratio for the fiscal year is less than or equal to 2.50 to 1.00 but greater than 2.00:1.00, and a reduction
to 0% if the total net leverage ratio for the fiscal year is less than or equal to 2.00 to 1.00. The Company also is required to
make quarterly amortization payments equal to (i) 1.25% per annum of the original principal amount of the Term Loan Facility during
the first, second and third years after the closing date of the Credit Facilities, commencing after the first full fiscal quarter
after the closing date of the Credit Facilities, and (ii) 2.50% per annum of the original principal amount of the Term Loan Facility
during the fourth and fifth years after the closing date of the Credit Facilities (subject to reductions by optional and mandatory
prepayments of the loans). The Company may prepay the Credit Facilities at any time without premium or penalty, subject to
payment of customary breakage costs.

 

The Credit Facilities
contain financial covenants and a number of traditional negative covenants including negative covenants related to the following
subjects: consolidations, mergers, and sales of assets; limitations on the incurrence of certain liens; limitations on certain
indebtedness; limitations on the ability to pay dividends; and certain affiliate transaction.

 




     1 
     
    

 

The Credit Facilities
also contain certain customary representations and warranties, affirmative covenants and events of default. If an event of default
occurs, the lenders under the Credit Facilities are entitled to take various actions, including the acceleration of amounts due
under the Credit Facilities and all actions permitted to be taken by a secured creditor.

 

The foregoing summary
of the Credit Agreement does not purport to be complete and is qualified in its entirety by the text of the Credit Agreement, which
is attached hereto as Exhibit 10.1 and is incorporated herein by reference.

 

Amended and Restated Warrant Agreement

 

In connection
with the Business Combination, warrant holders who held public warrants of Act II approved an amendment (the
 “Warrant Amendment”) to the terms of Act II’s Warrant Agreement. Upon the completion of the Business
Combination, (i) each of Act II’s outstanding warrants, which entitled the holder thereof to purchase one Class A
ordinary share of Act II at an exercise price of $11.50 per share, became exercisable for one-half of one share at an
exercise price of $5.75 per one-half share ($11.50 per whole share) of Whole Earth Brands, Inc. common stock and (ii) each
holder of a public warrant received, for each such warrant (in exchange for the reduction in the number of shares for which
such warrants are exercisable), a cash payment of $0.75. Pursuant to the Warrant Amendment, a public warrant holder may not exercise its warrants for fractional shares of
the Company’s common stock, and, therefore, only two warrants (or a number of warrants evenly divisible by two) may be
exercised at any given time by the public warrant holder.

 

The material terms
of the Warrant Amendment are discussed in the Proxy Statement/Prospectus under the section titled “Warrant Holder Proposal
1: The Warrant Amendment Proposal,” which is incorporated herein by reference.

 

This summary is
qualified in its entirety by reference to the text of the Amended and Restated Warrant Agreement, which is attached hereto
as Exhibit 4.2 and is incorporated herein by reference.

 

Escrow Agreement

 

On June 25, 2020, pursuant
to the terms and conditions of the Purchase Agreement, the Company, the Sponsor, and Continental Stock Transfer & Trust
Company, as escrow agent, entered into an escrow agreement (the “Escrow Agreement”) that provides for, among
other things, restricting the 3,000,000 shares of Whole Earth Brands, Inc. common stock in an escrow account until such time as
the escrow shares are to be released by the escrow agent to the Sponsor upon the occurrence of the triggering events set forth
in the Purchase Agreement. The Sponsor maintains its voting rights and other stockholder rights with respect to the escrow shares
while such shares are held in the escrow account.

 

The Escrow Agreement
will terminate upon the release of all escrowed sponsor shares.

 

The foregoing description
of the Escrow Agreement does not purport to be complete and is qualified in its entirety by the terms and conditions of the Escrow
Agreement, which is attached hereto as Exhibit 10.21 and is incorporated herein by reference.

 

Indemnity Agreements 

 

On June 25, 2020,
the Company entered into indemnity agreements with each of its directors and executive officers. Each indemnity agreement provides
for indemnification and advancement by the Company of certain expenses and costs relating to claims, suits or proceedings arising
from service to the Company or, at the Company’s request, service to other entities, as officers or directors to the maximum
extent permitted by applicable law.

 

The foregoing description
of the indemnity agreements does not purport to be complete and is qualified in its entirety by the terms and conditions of the
indemnity agreements, a form of which is attached hereto as Exhibit 10.6 and is incorporated herein by reference.

 

 


Item 2.01.Completion of Acquisition or Disposition of Assets.

 

The disclosure set
forth in the “Introductory Note” above is incorporated into this Item 2.01 by reference.

 

Pursuant to the terms
of the Purchase Agreement, the total consideration for the Business Combination and related transactions (the “Purchase
Price”) was approximately $387.5 million. Adjusted for Merisant and MAFCO debt, excess transaction expenses, working
capital adjustments, employee transaction bonuses and cash (in each case, estimated as of the Closing), net proceeds to Sellers
were approximately $386.7 million. In connection with the Shareholders Meeting, holders of 3,573,331 Act II Class A ordinary
shares, par value $0.0001 per share (“Act II Class A Shares”), exercised their right to redeem those shares
for cash prior to the redemption deadline of June 22, 2020, at a price of approximately $10.18 per share, for an aggregate payment
from Act II’s trust account of approximately $36.4 million. Upon the Closing, the Company’s units ceased trading,
and the Company’s common stock and warrants began trading on The Nasdaq Stock Market under the symbols “FREE”
and “FREEW,” respectively.

 




     2 
     
    

 

The per share
redemption price of approximately $10.18 for holders of Act II Class A Shares electing to redeem was paid out of Act
II’s trust account which, after taking into account the aggregate payment in respect of the redemption, had a balance
immediately prior to the Closing of approximately $269.0 million. Such balance in the trust account, together with
approximately $132.0 million in net proceeds from the debt financing pursuant to the Credit Agreement and $75.0 million in
proceeds from the PIPE Financing (as defined below), were used to pay transaction expenses, the payment to the warrant
holders in connection with the Warrant Amendment as described below, certain transaction bonuses and other payments to
Merisant and MAFCO employees, and the Purchase Price of approximately $386.7 million.

 

FORM 10 INFORMATION

 

Item 2.01(f) of Form
8-K states that if the predecessor registrant was a shell company, as Act II was immediately before the Business Combination,
then the registrant must disclose the information that would be required if the registrant were filing a general form for registration
of securities on Form 10. Accordingly, the Company, as the successor registrant to Act II, is providing the information below that
would be included in a Form 10 if the Company were to file a Form 10. Please note that the information provided below relates to
the Company as the combined company after the consummation of the Business Combination, unless otherwise specifically indicated
or the context otherwise requires.

 

Forward-Looking Statements

 

This Current Report
on Form 8-K contains “forward-looking statements” within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform
Act of 1995. Such statements include, but are not limited to, statements about future financial and operating results, our plans,
objectives, expectations and intentions with respect to future operations, products and services; and other statements identified
by words such as “will likely result,” “are expected to,” “will continue,” “is anticipated,”
 “estimated,” “believe,” “intend,” “plan,” “projection,” “outlook”
or words of similar meaning. These forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to, statements regarding the Company’s
industry and market sizes, future opportunities for the Company and the Company’s estimated future results. Such forward-looking
statements are based upon the current beliefs and expectations of our management and are inherently subject to significant business,
economic and competitive uncertainties and contingencies, many of which are difficult to predict and generally beyond our control.
Actual results and the timing of events may differ materially from the results anticipated in these forward-looking statements.

 

The factors
previously disclosed in prior reports filed with the SEC, including the Proxy Statement/Prospectus, the Supplement and those
identified elsewhere in this Current Report on Form 8-K among others, could cause actual results
and the timing of events to differ materially from the anticipated results or other expectations expressed in the
forward-looking statements.

 

Actual results, performance
or achievements may differ materially, and potentially adversely, from any projections and forward-looking statements and the assumptions
on which those forward-looking statements are based. There can be no assurance that the data contained herein is reflective of
future performance to any degree. You are cautioned not to place undue reliance on forward-looking statements as a predictor of
future performance as projected financial information and other information are based on estimates and assumptions that are inherently
subject to various significant risks, uncertainties and other factors, many of which are beyond our control. All information set
forth herein speaks only as of the date hereof in the case of information about the Company or the date of such information in
the case of information from persons other than the Company, and we disclaim any intention or obligation to update any forward
looking statements as a result of developments occurring after the date of this Current Report on Form 8-K. Forecasts and estimates
regarding the Company’s industry and end markets are based on sources we believe to be reliable, however there can be no
assurance these forecasts and estimates will prove accurate in whole or in part. Annualized, pro forma, projected and estimated
numbers are used for illustrative purpose only, are not forecasts and may not reflect actual results.

 

Business

 

The business of the
Company is described in the Proxy Statement/Prospectus in the sections titled “Information About Act II,” “Information
About Merisant,” and “Information About MAFCO Worldwide,” and that information is incorporated herein
by reference.

 




     3 
     
    

 

Risk Factors

 

The risks associated
with the Company are described in the Proxy Statement/Prospectus in the section titled “Risk Factors,” and in
the Supplement in the section titled “Update to Risk Factors,” each of which is incorporated herein by reference.
In addition, the following risk factors have been updated since the filing of the Supplement:

 

Our substantial indebtedness could
adversely affect our financial condition.

 

In connection with
the Business Combination, on June 25, 2020, Whole Earth Brands, Inc. entered to into a senior secured credit facility consisting
of (x) a term loan facility of up to $140,000,000 and (y) a revolving loan facility of up to $50,000,000, each maturing
in five years. Loans outstanding under these credit facilities are expected to accrue interest at a rate per annum equal to LIBOR,
with a LIOBR floor of 1.00%, plus a margin ranging from 3.00% to 3.75%, or, at Company’s option, a base rate based on the
highest of the prime rate, the federal funds rate plus 0.50%, LIBOR for a one-month interest period plus 1.00%, and 2.00%, in each
case plus an applicable margin between 2.00% and 2.75%, with the margin in each case depending on the achievement of certain leverage
ratios, and undrawn amounts under the first lien revolving loan facility are expected to accrue a commitment fee at a rate per
annum of 0.40% on the average daily undrawn portion of the commitments thereunder, with a step down to 0.30% upon achievement of
certain leverage ratios. Principal payments on the first lien term loan facility will be due quarterly, in amounts expected to
be equal to (i) 1.25% per annum of the original principal amount of the first lien term loan facility during the first, second and
third years after the closing date of the credit facilities and (ii) 2.50% per annum of the original principal amount of the first
lien term loan facility during the fourth and fifth years after the closing date of the credit facilities. For additional
information, refer to "Item 1.01. Entry into Material Definitive Agreement—Credit
Agreement" of this Current Report on Form 8-K.

 

Our substantial indebtedness
could:

 


·require us to dedicate a substantial portion
of cash flow from operations to payments in respect of our indebtedness, thereby reducing the availability of cash flow to fund
working capital, capital expenditures, potential acquisition opportunities, a level of marketing necessary to maintain the current
level of sales and other general corporate purposes;

 


·increase the amount of interest that we
have to pay, because some of our borrowings are at variable rates of interest, which will result in higher interest payments if
interest rates increase, and, if and when we are required to refinance any of our indebtedness, an increase in interest rates would
also result in higher interest costs;

 


·increase our vulnerability to adverse
general economic or industry conditions;

 




·require refinancing, which we may not
be able to do on reasonable terms;

 


·limit our flexibility in planning for,
or reacting to, competition and/or changes in our business or the industry in which we operate;

 


·limit our ability to borrow additional
funds;

 


·restrict us from making strategic acquisitions
or necessary divestitures, introducing new brands and/or products or exploiting business opportunities; and

 


·place us at a competitive disadvantage
compared to our competitors that have less debt and/or more financial resources.

 

We may not be able to generate sufficient
cash to service all of our indebtedness, and we may be forced to take other actions to satisfy our obligations under our indebtedness
that may not be successful.

 

Our ability to pay
principal and interest on our debt obligations will depend upon, among other things, (a) our future financial and operating
performance (including the realization of any cost savings described herein), which will be affected by prevailing economic, industry
and competitive conditions and financial, business, legislative, regulatory and other factors, many of which are beyond our control;
and (b) our future ability to borrow under our revolving credit facility, the availability of which depends on, among other
things, our complying with the covenants in the credit agreement governing such facility.

 




     4 
     
    

 

We cannot assure you
that our business will generate cash flow from operations, or that we will be able to draw under our revolving credit facility
or otherwise, in an amount sufficient to fund our liquidity needs, including the payment of principal and interest on our debt.
If our cash flows and capital resources are insufficient to service our indebtedness, we may be forced to reduce or delay capital
expenditures, sell assets, seek additional capital, or restructure or refinance our indebtedness. These alternative measures may
not be successful and may not permit us to meet our scheduled debt service obligations. Our ability to restructure or refinance
our debt will depend on the condition of the capital markets and our financial condition at such time. Any refinancing of our debt
could be at higher interest rates and may require us to comply with more onerous covenants, which could further restrict our business
operations. In addition, the terms of existing or future debt agreements may restrict us from adopting some of these alternatives.
In the absence of such operating results and resources, we could face substantial liquidity problems and might be required to dispose
of material assets or operations to meet our debt service and other obligations. We may not be able to consummate those dispositions
for fair market value or at all. Furthermore, any proceeds that we could realize from any such dispositions may not be adequate
to meet our debt service obligations then due. Our inability to generate sufficient cash flow to satisfy our debt obligations,
or to refinance our indebtedness on commercially reasonable terms or at all, could have a material adverse effect on our business,
results of operations, and financial condition, and could negatively impact our ability to satisfy our debt obligations.

 

Whole Earth Brands, Inc.’s
indebtedness could adversely affect its financial condition and ability to conduct its operations, and Whole Earth Brands, Inc.
may incur additional debt

 

The total indebtedness
under the new credit facility may be equal to $190,000,000 (including an undrawn revolving credit facility of $50,000,000 at the
date of closing). Whole Earth Brands Inc.’s debt level and the terms of its financing arrangements could adversely affect
its financial condition and limit its ability to successfully implement its growth strategies. In addition, under its credit facilities,
certain of Whole Earth Brands, Inc.’s direct subsidiaries granted the lenders a security interest in substantially all of
their assets. Whole Earth Brands, Inc. is permitted under the terms of its credit facilities to incur additional indebtedness,
both under its credit facilities and otherwise. If such additional indebtedness is incurred, it may exacerbate the risks of Whole
Earth Brands, Inc.’s indebtedness described herein.

 

Whole Earth Brands,
Inc.’s ability to meet its debt service obligations will depend on Whole Earth Brands, Inc.’s future performance, which
will be affected by the other risk factors described herein. If Whole Earth Brands, Inc. does not generate enough cash flow to
pay its debt service obligations, it may be required to refinance all or part of its existing debt, sell assets, borrow more money
or raise equity. Whole Earth Brands, Inc. may not be able to take any of these actions on a timely basis, on satisfactory terms,
or at all.

 

Whole Earth Brands, Inc.’s
credit facilities will contain financial and other covenants. The failure to comply with such covenants could have an adverse effect.

 

Whole
Earth Brands, Inc.’s credit facilities contemplated by the credit facilities documents contain certain financial and other
covenants, including a maximum consolidated total net leverage ratio equal to or less than 4.00:1.00 and a
minimum fixed charge coverage ratio equal to or greater than 1.25:1.00, and limitations on Whole Earth Brands, Inc.’s and
its subsidiaries’ abilities to, among other things, incur additional indebtedness and make guarantees; incur liens on assets;
engage in mergers or consolidations, dissolutions or other fundamental changes; sell assets; pay dividends and distributions or
other restricted payments or repurchase stock; make investments, loans and advances, including acquisitions; amend organizational
documents or other material agreements; enter into certain agreements that would restrict the ability of the Borrower and its subsidiaries
to pay dividends; repay certain junior, unsecured or subordinated indebtedness; issue certain equity; engage in certain activities;
and engage in certain transactions with affiliates, in each case, subject to customary exceptions materially consistent with credit
facilities of such type and size. Any failure to comply with the restrictions of Whole Earth Brands, Inc.’s credit facilities
may result in an event of default under the credit facilities. Whole Earth Brands, Inc.’s contemplated credit facilities
bear interest at variable rates. If market interest rates increase, variable rate debt will create higher debt service requirements,
which could adversely affect Whole Earth Brands, Inc.’s cash flow.
 




     5 
     
    

 

Financial Information

 

Reference is made to
the disclosure set forth in Item 9.01 of this Current Report on Form 8-K concerning the financial information of the Company.
Reference is further made to the disclosure contained in the Proxy Statement/Prospectus in the sections titled “Selected
Historical Financial Information of Act II,” “Selected Historical Financial Information of Merisant and MAFCO,”
 “Act II’s Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations,”
 “Merisant and MAFCO’s Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations,”
and in the Supplement in the appendices titled “Act II’s Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial
Condition and Results of Operations for the Three Months Ended March 31, 2020 and 2019,” “Merisant and MAFCO’s
Management’s Discussion and Analysis for the Three Months Ended March 31, 2020 and 2019,” each of which are incorporated
herein by reference.

 

Properties

 

The facilities of the
Company are described in the Proxy Statement/Prospectus in the section titled “Information About Merisant — Facilities
and Locations,” and “Information About MAFCO Worldwide — Facilities and Locations,” each of
which is incorporated herein by reference.

 

Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners
and Management

 

The following table
sets forth information regarding the beneficial ownership of shares of the Company’s common stock upon the completion of
the Business Combination by:

 


·each person known to the Company to be the beneficial owner of more than 5% of the shares of any
class of the Company’s common stock;

 


·each named executive officer or director of the Company; and

 


·all officers and directors of the Company as a group.

 

Beneficial ownership
is determined according to the rules of the SEC, which generally provide that a person has beneficial ownership of a security if
he, she or it possesses sole or shared voting or investment power over that security, including options and warrants that are currently
exercisable or exercisable within 60 days.

 

The beneficial ownership
of shares of the Company’s common stock immediately following completion of the Business Combination is based on the following:
(i) an aggregate of 38,426,669 ordinary shares of Act II issued and outstanding immediately prior to the completion of the Business
Combination, which ordinary shares converted into shares of common stock of the Company upon completion of the Domestication, and
which number reflects (x) the valid redemption of 3,573,331 Act II Class A Shares by public shareholders of Act II and (y) the
forfeiture of 3,000,000 Act II Class B Shares at Closing (see the disclosure in the Proxy Statement/Prospectus in the section titled
 “Shareholder Proposal 1: The Business Combination Proposal—Related Agreements—Sponsor Support Agreement,”
and in the Supplement in the section titled “Supplemental Information to Proposal No. 1 — Business Combination Proposal
 — Update to Sponsor Support Agreement”).

 

The following table
does not reflect, after giving effect to the Warrant Amendment, (i) 7,500,000 shares of Whole Earth Brands, Inc. common stock issuable
upon the exercise of the public warrants, each exercisable for one half of one share of Whole Earth Brands, Inc. common
stock at $5.75 per share, and (ii) 2,631,750 million shares of Whole Earth Brands, Inc. common stock issuable upon the
exercise of the private placement warrants, each exercisable to purchase one half of one share of Whole Earth Brands, Inc. common
stock at $5.75 per share.

 

Unless otherwise indicated,
the Company believes that all persons named in the table below have sole voting and investment power with respect to the voting
securities beneficially owned by them.

 




     6 
     
    

 



      
    Beneficial Ownership Upon the Completion  of the Business
    Combination and Private
 Placements 

    Beneficial Owner 
    Number of  Shares  
    Percentage of  Outstanding Shares 

    5% Stockholders 
     ​  
       

    Sellers(8) 
     600,000  
     1.56%

    Sponsor(1) 
     4,500,000  
     11.71%

    Dicalite Management Group, Inc.(7) 
     3,300,000  
     8.59%

    MMCAP International Inc. SPC(2) 
     2,800,000  
     7.29%

    Linden Capital L.P.(4) 
     2,435,299  
     6.34%

    Polar Asset Management Partners Inc.(4) 
     2,350,000  
     6.12%

    UBS O’Connor LLC(5) 
     2,733,444  
     7.11%

    Baron Small Cap Fund 
     2,000,000  
     5.2%

    Directors and Named Executive Officers 
     ​  
     ​ 

    Irwin D. Simon(6) 
     -  
     - 

    Albert Manzone 
     -  
     - 

    Lucas Bailey 
     -  
     - 

    Andrew Rusie 
     -  
     - 

    Denise Faltischek 
     -  
     - 

    Steven M. Cohen 
     -  
     - 

    John M. McMillin 
     -  
     - 

    Anuraag Agarwal 
     -  
     - 

    Ira J. Lamel(6) 
     -  
     - 

    All executive officers and directors as a group (nine individuals) 
     -  
     - 


 






 




(1)According to a Schedule 13G/A filed with the SEC on June 26, 2020, Act II Global LLC and John Carroll,
the managing member of Act II Global LLC, hold shared voting and dispositive power of the 4,500,000 shares of Whole Earth Brands,
Inc. common stock held by Act II Global LLC. Mr. Carroll has sole voting and dispositive control over the shares held by Act II
Global LLC and therefore may be deemed the beneficial owner of such shares. The principal business address for each of Act II Global
LLC and Mr. Carroll is 745 5th Avenue, New York, New York  10151. Beneficial ownership presented in table includes 3,0000,000
shares of Whole Earth Brands, Inc. common stock issued to the Sponsor that are held in escrow and subject to release upon the earliest
to occur of (i) the volume weighted-average per-share trading price of shares of Whole Earth Brands, Inc. common stock being at
or above $20.00 per share for twenty (20) trading days in any thirty (30)-trading day continuous trading period during the five
(5) years following the Closing Date (the “Escrow Period”), (ii) a Change in Control (as defined in the Purchase
Agreement) and (iii) the expiration of the Escrow Period.

 


(2)According to a Schedule 13G/A filed with the SEC on February 5, 2020, MMCAP International Inc.
SPC and MM Asset Management Inc. hold shared voting and dispositive power of 1,800,000 shares of Whole Earth Brands, Inc. common
stock. MMCAP International Inc. SPC and MM Asset Management Inc. are the record and direct beneficial owners of the securities.
MM Asset Management Inc. is the investment advisor of, and may be deemed to beneficially own securities held by, MMCAP International
Inc. SPC. The address of the principal business office for MMCAP International Inc. SPC is c/o Mourant Governance Services (Cayman)
Limited, 94 Solaris Avenue, Camana Bay, P.O. Box 1348, Grand Cayman, Cayman Islands KY1-1008. The address of the principal business
office of MM Asset Management Inc. is 161 Bay Street, TD Canada Trust Tower, Suite 2240, Toronto, Ontario, Canada M5J 2S1. Beneficial
ownership presented in the table includes shares of Whole Earth Brands, Inc. common stock issued connection with the PIPE Financing.

 


(3)According to a Schedule 13G/A filed with the SEC on January 14, 2020, Linden GP LLC is the general
partner of Linden Capital L.P. and, in such capacity, may be deemed to beneficially own 2,164,460 shares of Whole Earth Brands,
Inc. common stock held by Linden Capital L.P. Linden Advisors LP is the investment manager of Linden Capital L.P. and trading advisor
or investment advisor for separately managed accounts. Siu Min (Joe) Wong is the principal owner and controlling person of Linden
Advisors LP and Linden GP LLC. In such capacities, Linden Advisors LP and Mr. Wong may each be deemed to beneficially own an aggregate
of 2,435,299 shares of Whole Earth Brands, Inc. common stock held by Linden Capital L.P. and the managed accounts. The principal
business address for Linden Capital is Victoria Place, 31 Victoria Street, Hamilton HM10, Bermuda. The principal business address
for each of Linden Advisors LP, Linden GP LLC and Mr. Wong is 590 Madison Avenue, 15th Floor, New York, New York 10022.

 




     7 
     
    

 


(4)According to a Schedule 13G filed with the SEC on February 10, 2019, Polar Asset Management Partners
Inc. holds sole voting and dispositive power of 2,250,000 shares of Whole Earth Brands, Inc. common stock. The business address
for the reporting person is 401 Bay Street, Suite 1900, PO Box 19, Toronto, Ontario M5H 2Y4, Canada. Beneficial ownership presented
in the table includes shares of Whole Earth Brands, Inc. common stock issued connection with the PIPE Financing.

 


(5)According to a Schedule 13G filed with the SEC on February 13, 2020, UBS O’Connor LLC has
sole voting and dispositive power of 1,733,444 shares of Whole Earth Brands, Inc. common stock. UBS O’Connor LLC serves as
the investment manager to (i) Nineteen77 Global Multi-Strategy Alpha Master Limited (“GLEA”) and (ii) Nineteen77
Global Merger Arbitrage Master Limited (“OGMA”). In such capacity, UBS O’Connor LLC exercises voting and
investment power over the shares of Whole Earth Brands, Inc. common stock held for the account of GLEA and OGMA. UBS O’Connor
LLC is a registered investment adviser under Section 203 of the Investment Advisers Act of 1940, as amended. Kevin Russell, the
Chief Investment Officer of UBS O’Connor LLC, also has voting control and investment discretion over the securities described
herein held by GLEA and OGMA. As a result, each of UBS O’Connor LLC and Mr. Russell may be deemed to have beneficial ownership
(as determined under Section 13(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended) of the Act II Class A Shares held for the
account of GLEA and OGMA. The address of the principal business office of each of the reporting persons is One North Wacker Drive,
32nd Floor, Chicago, Illinois 60606. Beneficial ownership presented in the table includes shares of Whole Earth Brands, Inc. common
stock issued connection with the PIPE Financing.

 


(6)Irwin D. Simon and Ira J. Lamel are members of the Sponsor.

 


(7)According to a Schedule 13G filed with the SEC on June 18, 2020, Dicalite Management Group, Inc.,
a Delaware corporation, is the record holder of, and holds shared voting and dispositive power over, 3,300,000 shares of Whole
Earth Brands, Inc. common stock. Dicalite Management Group, Inc. is a wholly-owned subsidiary of Dicalite Management Holdings LLC,
a Delaware limited liability company, the sole voting member of which is DPV Mineral Holding Company LLC, a Delaware limited company.
The sole member of DPV Mineral Holding Company LLC is MTFG Management Services, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company. The
sole member of MTFG Management Services, LLC is The Ronald O. Perelman 2016 Trust for Education and Charity, a New York trust.
In such capacities, the foregoing entities may be deemed to have beneficial ownership of 3,300,000 Act II Class A Shares. The principal
business address of each of Dicalite Management Group, Inc. and Dicalite Management Holdings LLC is 1 Belmont Avenue, Suite 500,
Bala Cynwyd, Pennsylvania 19004. The principal business address of DPV Mineral Holding Company LLC, MTFG Management Services, LLC
and The Ronald O. Perelman 2016 Trust for Education and Charity is 35 E. 62nd Street, New York, New York, 10065.

 


(8)Includes 600,000 shares of Whole Earth Brands, Inc. common stock acquired in open market transactions.

 

Directors and Executive Officers

 

The Company’s
directors and executive officers after the Closing are described in the Proxy Statement/Prospectus in the section titled “Management
of Whole Earth Brands, Inc. Following the Business Combination,” and in the Supplement in the section titled “Update
to Management of Whole Earth Brands, Inc. Following the Business Combination,” each of which is incorporated herein by
reference.

 

Executive Compensation

 

The compensation of
the named executive officers of Act II before the Business Combination is set forth in the Proxy Statement/Prospectus in the section
titled “Information About Act II — Officer and director compensation,” which is incorporated herein by
reference. The compensation of the named executive officers of Merisant and MAFCO before the Business Combination is set forth
in the Proxy Statement/Prospectus in the section titled “Executive Compensation,” which is incorporated herein
by reference.

 

The information set
forth in this Current Report on Form 8-K under Item 5.02 is incorporated in this Item 2.01 by reference.

 

At the Shareholders
Meeting, Act II’s shareholders approved the Whole Earth Brands, Inc. 2020 Long-Term Incentive Award Plan. A description of
the material terms of the 2020 Plan is set forth in the section of the Proxy Statement/Prospectus titled “Shareholder
Proposal 5— Whole Earth Brands, Inc. 2020 Long-Term Incentive Award Plan Proposal,” which is incorporated herein
by reference. This summary is qualified in its entirety by reference to the complete text of the 2020 Plan, a copy of which is
attached as an Exhibit 10.5 to this Current Report on Form 8-K.

 




     8 
     
    

 

Certain Relationships and Related Transactions,
and Director Independence

 

The certain relationships
and related party transactions of the Company and Merisant and MAFCO are described in the Proxy Statement/Prospectus in the section
titled “Certain Relationships and Related Person Transactions” and in the Supplement in the section titled “Update
to Certain Relationship and Related Person Transactions,” each of which are incorporated herein by reference.

 

Reference is made to
the disclosure regarding director independence in the section of the Proxy Statement/Prospectus titled “Management of
Whole Earth Brands, Inc. Following the Business Combination–Director Independence,” and in the section of the
Supplement titled “Update to Management of Whole Earth Brands, Inc. Following the Business Combination,” each
of which is incorporated herein by reference.

 

The information set
forth under the section of the Supplement titled “Supplemental Information to Proposal No. 1—Business Combination
Proposal — Related Agreements — Elimination of the Investors Agreement,” and under “Item 5.02 Departure
of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers; Compensatory Arrangements of Certain
Officers—Employment Agreements” of this Current Report on Form 8-K is incorporated into this Item 2.01 by reference.

 

The Company has adopted
a formal written policy that will be effective upon the Business Combination providing that persons meeting the definition of “Related
Person” under Item 404(a) of Regulation S-K such as the Company’s executive officers, directors, nominees for election
as directors, beneficial owners of more than 5% of any class of the Company’s capital stock and any member of the immediate
family of any of the foregoing persons are not permitted to enter into a related party transaction with the Company without the
approval of the Company’s nominating and corporate governance committee, subject to the exceptions described below.

 

A related person transaction
is a transaction, arrangement or relationship, or any series of similar transactions, arrangements or relationships that would
be required to be disclosed pursuant to Item 404(a) of Regulation S-K, in which the Company and any related person are, were or
will be participants in which the amount involves exceeds $120,000, and in which a related person had or will have a direct or
indirect material interest. Transactions involving compensation for services provided to the Company as an employee or director
and certain other transactions not required to be disclosed under Item 404(a) of Regulation S-K are not covered by this policy.

 

Under the policy, the
audit committee of the board of directors of the Company will review information that the audit committee deems necessary or appropriate
to enable the committee to identify any existing or potential related person transactions and to effectuate the terms of the policy.
In addition, under the Company’s code of ethics (as further described under Item 5.01 hereof, which is incorporated by reference
into this Item 2.01), employees and directors have an affirmative responsibility to disclose any transaction or relationship that
reasonably could be expected to give rise to a conflict of interest.

 

Legal Proceedings

 

Reference is made to
the disclosure regarding legal proceedings in the sections of the Proxy Statement/Prospectus titled “Information About
Act II—Legal Proceedings,” “Information About Merisant—Legal Proceedings,” “Information
About MAFCO Worldwide—Legal Proceedings,” and in the section of the Supplement titled “Update to Legal
Proceedings,” which are incorporated herein by reference.

 

Market Price of and Dividends on the Registrant’s
Common Equity and Related Stockholder Matters

 

The Company’s
common stock began trading on the Nasdaq under the symbol “FREE” and its warrants began trading on the Nasdaq Market
under the symbol “FREEW” on June 25, 2020. Act II has not paid any cash dividends on its ordinary shares to date. The payment of cash
dividends by the Company in the future will be dependent upon the Company’s revenues and earnings, if any, capital requirements
and general financial condition subsequent to completion of the Business Combination. The payment of any dividends subsequent to
the Business Combination will be within the discretion of the board of directors of the Company.

 

Information regarding
Act II’s ordinary shares, warrants and units and related shareholder matters are described in the Proxy Statement/Prospectus
in the section titled “Market Price and Dividend Information” and such information is incorporated
herein by reference.

 

Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities

 

Reference is made to
the disclosure set forth under Item 3.02 of this Current Report on Form 8-K concerning the issuance of the Company’s common
stock to certain accredited investors, which is incorporated herein by reference.

 




     9 
     
    

 

Description of Registrant’s Securities to
be Registered

 

The description of
the Company’s securities is contained in the Proxy Statement/Prospectus in the sections titled “Description of Whole
Earth Brands, Inc. Securities” and “Comparison of Corporate Governance and Shareholder Rights,” which
are incorporated herein by reference.

 

Indemnification of Directors and Officers

 

The description of
the indemnification arrangements with the Company’s directors and officers is contained in the Proxy Statement/Prospectus
in the sections titled “Description of Whole Earth Brands, Inc. Securities — Limitations on Liability and Indemnification
of Officers and Directors,” and “Comparison of Corporate Governance and Shareholder Rights,” each
of which is incorporated herein by reference.

 

Financial Statements and Supplementary Data

 

Reference is made
to the disclosure set forth under Item 9.01 of this Current Report on Form 8-K concerning the financial statements of the Company
and the disclosure contained in the Proxy Statement/Prospectus in the sections titled “Merisant and MAFCO’s Management’s
Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations” and in the Supplement in the appendices titled
 “Merisant and MAFCO’s Management’s Discussion and Analysis for the Three Months Ended March 31, 2020 and
2019,” each of which is incorporated herein by reference.

 

Financial Statements and Exhibits

 

Reference is made to
the disclosure set forth under Item 9.01 of this Current Report on Form 8-K concerning the financial information of the Company.

 


Item 3.02.Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities

 

The PIPE Financing

 

As previously
disclosed, on February 12, 2020, Act II entered into subscription agreements (the “PIPE Subscription
Agreements”), whereby the investors named therein (the “PIPE Investors”) committed to purchase
shares of Whole Earth Brands, Inc. common stock and private placement warrants for aggregate proceeds of $75 million, simultaneously with or immediately prior to the Closing (the “PIPE
Financing”). The PIPE Financing was conditioned on the Closing being scheduled to occur concurrently with or
immediately following the closing of the PIPE Financing and other customary closing conditions.

 

The PIPE Financing
closed on June 25, 2020, and the issuance of an aggregate of 7,500,000 Whole Earth Brands, Inc. common stock and 5,263,500 private placement warrants exercisable
for 2,631,750 shares of Whole Earth Brands, Inc. common stock occurred immediately
after the consummation of the Business Combination. The sale and issuance was made to accredited investors in reliance on Rule
506 of Regulation D under the Securities Act. No separate fees or commissions were paid to the placement agents other than payments
made to such institutions for other services rendered in connection with the Act II initial public offering and/or the Business
Combination.

 

This summary is qualified
in its entirety by reference to the text of the form of PIPE Subscription Agreements, which are included as Exhibit 10.20 to this
Current Report on Form 8-K and is incorporated herein by reference.

 


Item 3.03.Material Modification to Rights of Security Holders

 

Certificate of Domestication, Certificate of Incorporation
and Bylaws

 

In connection with
the Closing of the Business Combination, on June 24, 2020, the Company domesticated into the State of Delaware from the Cayman
Islands by filing a Certificate of Domestication (the “Certificate of Domestication”) and Certificate of Incorporation
(the “Certificate of Incorporation”) with the Delaware Secretary of State and also adopted bylaws (the “Bylaws”),
which together replace Act II’s Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association. The material terms of the Certificate
of Domestication, the Certificate of Incorporation, the Bylaws and the general effect upon the rights of holders of the Company’s
capital stock are discussed in the Proxy Statement/Prospectus under the sections titled “Comparison of Corporate Governance
and Shareholder Rights,” “Description of Whole Earth Brands, Inc. Securities — Authorized Capitalization,”
 “Shareholder Proposal 2: The Domestication Proposal,” and “Shareholder Proposal 3: The Organizational
Documents Proposal,” which are incorporated herein by reference.

 




     10 
     
    

 

Copies of the
Certificate of Incorporation, Bylaws and Certificate of Domestication are attached hereto as Exhibits 3.1, 3.2
and 3.3, respectively, and are incorporated herein by reference.

 

Amended and Restated Warrant Agreement

 

Reference is made
to the disclosure set forth under Item 1.01 of this Current Report on Form 8-K concerning the amended and restated warrant
agreement, which is incorporated by reference into this Item 3.03.

 

Indemnity Agreements

 

On June 25, 2020,
we entered into indemnity agreements with each of our directors and executive officers. Each indemnity agreement provides for indemnification
and advancement by the Company of certain expenses and costs relating to claims, suits or proceedings arising from service to the
Company or, at our request, service to other entities, as officers or directors to the maximum extent permitted by applicable law.

 

The foregoing description
of the indemnity agreements does not purport to be complete and is qualified in its entirety by the terms and conditions of the
indemnity agreements, a form of which is attached hereto as Exhibit 10.6 and is incorporated herein by reference.

 


Item 5.01.Changes in Control of Registrant.

 

Reference is made to
the disclosure in the Proxy Statement/Prospectus in the section titled “Shareholder Proposal 1: The Business Combination
Proposal,” and in the Supplement in the section titled “Supplemental Information to Proposal No. 1 — Business
Combination Proposal,” each of which is incorporated herein by reference. Further reference is made to the information
contained under “Introductory Note” and Item 2.01 to this Current Report on Form 8-K, each of which is incorporated
in this Item 5.01 by reference.

 

As of June 25, 2020,
there were approximately 38,426,669 shares of Whole Earth Brands, Inc. common stock outstanding. These numbers (i) include 3,000,000
shares of common stock held by the Sponsor in escrow subject to release based on performance criteria and/or expiration of the
Escrow Period; and (ii) exclude (a) 7,500,000 shares of common stock underlying the public warrants that remain outstanding after
the completion of the Business Combination, (b) 2,631,750 shares of common stock underlying the private placement warrants that
were issued to the PIPE Investors, and (c) the shares of common stock reserved for future issuance under the Whole Earth Brands,
Inc. 2020 Long-Term Incentive Plan. As a result of the Business Combination, based on such assumptions and after giving effect
to the terms of such arrangements, (i) pre-Business Combination public shareholders of Act II hold approximately 58.6% of the
voting power of the Company, (ii) the Sponsor holds approximately 11.7% of such voting power, and (iii) the PIPE Investors hold
approximately 19.5% of such voting power (including, for this purpose, only those shares acquired in connection with the PIPE
Financing and excluding any other shares held by the PIPE Investors). In addition, non-affiliates of the Company hold approximately
88.3% of the voting power.

 




     11 
     
    

 


Item 5.02.Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers;
 	Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers.

 

Election of Directors and Appointment of Officers

 

The following persons
are serving as executive officers and directors following the Closing. For information concerning the executive officers and directors,
see the disclosures in the Proxy Statement/Prospectus in the sections titled “Information about Act II — Directors
and Executive Officers,” “Management of Whole Earth Brands, Inc. Following the Business Combination,”
 “Executive Compensation,” and “Certain Relationships and Related Person Transactions,” and
in the Supplement in the sections titled “Update to Management of Whole Earth Brands, Inc. Following the Business Combination”
and “Update to Certain Relationships and Related Person Transactions,” each of which are incorporated herein
by reference.

 



    Name 
    Age 
    Position

    Irwin D. Simon 
    61 
    Executive Chairman of the Board of Directors

    Albert Manzone 
    56 
    Chief Executive Officer

    Lucas Bailey 
    39 
    President, Flavors & Ingredients

    Andrew Rusie 
    46 
    Chief Financial Officer

    Denise Faltischek(1)(3)(6) 
    47 
    Director

    Steven M. Cohen(2) (3) 
    56 
    Director

    John M. McMillin(1)(2)(3) 
    66 
    Director

    Anuraag Agarwal 
    45 
    Director

    Ira J. Lamel(1)(2)(4)(5) 
    72 
    Director


 



 




(1)Member of the audit committee



(2)Member of the compensation committee



(3)Member of the nominating and corporate governance committee



(4)Chair of the audit committee



(5)Chair of the compensation committee



(6)Chair of the nominating and corporate governance committee





 

In connection with
the closing of the Business Combination, effective as of immediately prior to the Domestication, (i) each of John Carroll, Ira
J. Lamel, and Ashish Gupta resigned as executive officers of Act II; and (ii) each of John Carroll and Desireé Rogers resigned
as directors of Act II and from any positions held by them on any committee of the board of directors of Act II.

 

Whole Earth Brands, Inc. 2020 Long-Term Incentive
Plan

 

At the Shareholders
Meeting, Act II shareholders considered and approved the Whole Earth Brands, Inc. 2020 Long-Term Incentive Plan (the “2020
Plan”) and reserved 9,300,000 shares of common stock for issuance thereunder. The 2020 Plan was approved by the shareholders
on June 24, 2020, and became effective as of the same date.

 

A more complete summary
of the terms of the Whole Earth Brands, Inc. 2020 Long-Term Incentive Plan is set forth in the Proxy Statement/Prospectus in the
section titled “Shareholder Proposal 5: The Incentive Award Plan Proposal.” That summary and the foregoing description
are qualified in their entirety by reference to the text of the Whole Earth Brands, Inc. 2020 Long-Term Incentive Plan, which is
filed as Exhibit 10.5 hereto and incorporated herein by reference.

 

Long-Term Incentive,
Special Incentive and Supplemental Bonus Awards

 

As
a result of the Business Combination, the Company (through its subsidiaries) is now party to annual long-term incentive plans and
special incentive plans that provide certain named executive officers with cash incentive award opportunities, subject to the achievement
of certain performance objectives. A more complete summary of the terms of the Awards granted pursuant to such plans is set forth
in the Proxy Statement/Prospectus in the section titled “Executive Compensation
 — Long-Term Incentive, Special Incentive and Supplemental Bonus Awards,” which is
incorporated herein by reference.

  

Employment Agreements

 

As a result of the
Business Combination, the Company (through its subsidiaries) is now party to employment agreements with each of the Company’s
executive officers: Albert Manzone (Chief Executive Officer), Lucas Bailey (President, Flavors & Ingredients), and Andrew Rusie
(Chief Financial Officer). For a summary of the employment agreements, see the disclosures in the Proxy Statement/Prospectus in
the sections titled “Executive Compensation — Executive Compensation Arrangements — Existing
Agreements,” which is incorporated by reference herein.

 




     12 
     
    

 

This summary is
qualified in its entirety by reference to the text of the employment agreements, copies of which are attached hereto as
Exhibits 10.8 through 10.19 and are incorporated herein by reference.

 


Item 5.03.Amendments to Articles of Incorporation or Bylaws; Change in Fiscal Year.

 

The information set
forth in Item 3.03 of this Current Report on Form 8-K is incorporated by reference into this Item 5.03.

 


Item 5.07Submission of Matters to a Vote of Security Holders.

 

Extraordinary General Meeting of Shareholders

 

On June 24, 2020, Act
II reconvened an extraordinary general meeting of its shareholders (the “Shareholders Meeting”) at which the
shareholders voted on the proposals set forth below, each of which is described in greater detail in the Proxy Statement/Prospectus.
As previously disclosed, the Shareholders Meeting was originally convened and then adjourned, without conducting any other business,
on June 15, 2020.

 

As of May 1, 2020,
the record date for the Shareholders Meeting, there were 30,000,000 shares of Class A ordinary shares of Act II, par value $0.0001
per share (“Act II Class A Shares”), issued and outstanding and 7,500,000 Class B ordinary shares of Act II,
par value $0.0001 per share (“Act II Class B Shares,” and together with Act II Class A Shares, “Act
II Shares”), issued and outstanding. At the Shareholders Meeting, there were 33,056,855 Act II Shares were present in
person or represented by proxy, and each of the proposals was approved by the shareholders. The final voting results for each matter
submitted to a vote of the shareholders at the Shareholders Meeting are as follows:

 

The Business Combination
Proposal — To approve by ordinary resolution and adopt the Purchase Agreement and the Business Combination.

 



    FOR 
    AGAINST 
    ABSTENTIONS

    31,687,367 
    1,369,488 
    0


 

The Domestication
Proposal — To approve by special resolution the change of Act II’s jurisdiction of incorporation by deregistering
as an exempted company in the Cayman Islands and continuing and domesticating as a corporation incorporated under the laws of the
State of Delaware (the “Domestication”).

 



    FOR 
    AGAINST 
    ABSTENTIONS

    31,687,367 
    1,369,488 
    0


 




     13 
     
    

 

The Organizational
Documents Proposal — To approve by special resolution the following material differences between Act II’s Amended
and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association and the proposed new certificate of incorporation and the proposed new bylaws
of Act II Global Acquisition Corp. (a corporation incorporated in the State of Delaware, and the filing with and acceptance by
the Secretary of State of Delaware of the certificate of domestication in accordance with Section 388 of the Delaware General Corporation
Law (the “DGCL”)), which will be renamed “Whole Earth Brands, Inc.” in connection with the Business
Combination (Act II after the Domestication, including after such change of name, is referred to herein as “Whole Earth Brands,
Inc.”), including: (1) changing the corporate name from “Act II Global Acquisition Corp.” to “Whole Earth
Brands, Inc.,” (2) making Whole Earth Brands, Inc.’s corporate existence perpetual, (3) adopting Delaware as the exclusive
forum for certain stockholder litigation, and (4) removing certain provisions related to our status as a blank check company that
will no longer be applicable upon consummation of the Business Combination.

 



    FOR 
    AGAINST 
    ABSTENTIONS

    31,687,367 
    1,369,488 
    0


 

The Stock Issuance
Proposal — To approve by ordinary resolution for the purposes of complying with the applicable provisions of Nasdaq Listing
Rule 5635, the issuance of shares of Whole Earth Brands, Inc. common stock to the Sellers in connection with the Business Combination
and any person or entity in connection with any incremental equity issuances, to the extent such issuances would require a shareholder
vote under Nasdaq Listing Rule 5635.

 



    FOR 
    AGAINST 
    ABSTENTIONS

    31,687,367 
    1,369,488 
    0


 

The Incentive Award
Plan Proposal — To approve by ordinary resolution to approve and adopt the Whole Earth Brands, Inc. 2020 Long-Term Incentive
Award Plan.

 



    FOR 
    AGAINST 
    ABSTENTIONS

    31,687,367 
    1,369,488 
    0


 

Special Meeting of Public Warrant Holders

 

On June 24, 2020, Act
II also held reconvened a special meeting (the “Warrant Holders Meeting”) of holders (the “Public Warrant
Holders”) of Act II warrants issued in its initial public offering (the “Public Warrants”) at which
the Public Warrant Holders voted on the proposal set forth below, which is described in greater detail in the Definitive Proxy
Statement/Prospectus. As previously disclosed, the Warrant Holders Meeting was originally convened and then adjourned, without
conducting any other business, on June 15, 2020.

 

There were 15,000,000
public warrants of Act II issued and outstanding as of May 1, 2020, the record date for the Warrant Holders Meeting. At the Warrant
Holders Meeting, holders of 11,277,958 Public Warrants were present in person or represented by proxy, and the only proposal was
approved by the Public Warrant Holders. The final voting results for the Warrant Amendment Proposal (defined below), the only matter
submitted to a vote of the Public Warrant Holders at the Warrant Holders Meeting, are as follows:

 

The Warrant Amendment
Proposal — To approve and adopt an amendment to the warrant agreement that governs Act II’s outstanding warrants
(the “Warrant Amendment”) to provide that, immediately prior to the consummation of the Business Combination,
(i) each of Act II’s outstanding warrants, which currently entitle the holder thereof to purchase one Act II Class A Share
at an exercise price of $11.50 per share, will become exercisable for one-half of one share at an exercise price of $5.75 per one-half
share ($11.50 per whole share), and (ii) each holder of a warrant will receive, for each such warrant, a cash payment of $0.75
(although the holders of the private placement warrants have waived their rights to receive such payment) (the “Warrant
Amendment Proposal”).

 



    FOR 
    AGAINST 
    ABSTENTIONS

    11,027,108 
    250,850 
    0


 

In light of receipt
of the requisite approvals by Act II’s shareholders and the Public Warrant Holders described above, the Business Combination
closed on June 25, 2020, and the Whole Earth Brands, Inc. common stock and warrants (after giving effect to the Warrant Amendment)
began publicly trading on Nasdaq under the new symbols FREE and FREEW, respectively, when the market opened on the same day.

 




     14 
     
    

 


Item 9.01.Financial Statements and Exhibits.

 


(a)Financial statements of businesses acquired.

 

Information responsive
to Item 9.01(a) of Form 8-K is set forth in the financial statements included in the Proxy Statement/Prospectus beginning on
page F-1 and in the financial statements included in
the Supplement beginning on Page E-1, each of which are incorporated herein by reference.

 


(b)Pro forma financial information.

 

The unaudited pro
forma condensed combined financial information of the Company for the year ended December 31, 2019 and as of and for the
three months ended March 31, 2020, is filed as Exhibit 99.2 to this Current Report on Form 8-K and incorporated
herein by reference.

 


(c)Shell company transactions.

 

Reference is made to
Items 9.01(a) and (b) and the exhibit referred to therein, which are incorporated herein by reference.

 


(d)Exhibits.


 



    Exhibit
 No.
     
    Description

     
     
     

    2.1†
     
    Purchase Agreement dated as of December 19, 2019, by and among Act II Global Acquisition Corp., Flavors Holdings Inc., MW Holdings I LLC, MW Holdings III LLC and Mafco Foreign Holdings, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 of Act II’s Current Report on Form 8-K/425 (File No. 001-38880), filed with the SEC on December 23, 2019).

    2.2†
     
    Amendment No. 1 to Purchase Agreement dated as of February 12, 2020 by and among Act II Global Acquisition Corp., Flavors Holdings Inc., MW Holdings I LLC, MW Holdings III LLC and Mafco Foreign Holdings, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 of Act II’s Current Report on Form 8-K/425 (File No. 001-38880), filed with the SEC on February 13, 2020).

    2.3†
     
    Amendment No. 2 to Purchase Agreement dated as of May 8, 2020, by and among Act II Global Acquisition Corp., Project Taste Intermediate LLC, Flavors Holdings Inc., MW Holdings I LLC, MW Holdings III LLC and Mafco Foreign Holdings, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 of Act II’s Current Report on Form 8-K/425 (File No. 001-38880), filed with the SEC on May 11, 2020).

    2.4†
     
    Amendment No. 3 to Purchase Agreement dated as of June 15, 2020, by and among Act II Global Acquisition Corp., Project Taste Intermediate LLC, Flavors Holdings Inc., MW Holdings I LLC, MW Holdings III LLC and Mafco Foreign Holdings, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 of Act II’s Current Report on Form 8-K/425 (File No. 001-38880), filed with the SEC on June 16, 2020).

    3.1*
     
    Certificate of Incorporation of Whole Earth Brands, Inc.

    3.2*
     
    Bylaws of Whole Earth Brands, Inc. 

    3.3*
     
    Certificate of Domestication of Act II.

    4.1
     
    Specimen Common Stock Certificate of Whole Earth Brands, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.5 of Act II’s Form S-4/A (File No. 333-236459), filed with the SEC on May 11, 2020).


 




     15 
     
    

 



    Exhibit
 No.
     
    Description


 



    4.2*
     
    Amended and Restated Warrant Agreement dated as of June 25, 2020, by and between Whole Earth Brands, Inc. and Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company.

    10.1*#‡
     
    Loan Agreement dated June 25, 2020, by and among Whole Earth Brands, Inc., Toronto Dominion (Texas) LLC, as administrative agent, and certain lenders signatory thereto.

    10.2
     
    Sponsor Support Agreement dated as of December 19, 2019, by and among Act II Global LLC, Act II Global Acquisition Corp., Flavors Holdings Inc., MW Holdings I LLC, MW Holdings III LLC and Mafco Foreign Holdings, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of Act II’s Current Report on Form 8-K/425 (File No. 001-38880), filed with the SEC on December 23, 2019).

    10.3
     
    Amendment No. 1 to Sponsor Support Agreement dated as of February 12, 2020, by and among Act II Global LLC, Act II Global Acquisition Corp., Flavors Holdings Inc., MW Holdings I LLC, MW Holdings III LLC and Mafco Foreign Holdings, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of Act II’s Current Report on Form 8-K/425 (File No. 001-38880), filed with the SEC on February 13, 2020).

    10.4
     
    Amendment No. 2 to Sponsor Support Agreement dated as of June 15, by and among Act II Global LLC, Act II Global Acquisition Corp., Flavors Holdings Inc., MW Holdings I LLC, MW Holdings III LLC and Mafco Foreign Holdings, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of Act II’s Current Report on Form 8-K/425 (File No. 001-38880), filed with the SEC on June 16, 2020).


    10.5*+
     
    Whole Earth Brands, Inc. 2020 Long-Term Incentive Award Plan.

    10.6+
     
    Form of Indemnity Agreement, between Whole Earth
    Brands, Inc. and its directors and officers (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.11 of Act II’s Form S-4/A (File
    No. 333-236459), filed with the SEC on May 11, 2020).

    10.7
     
    Registration Rights Agreement dated April 25, 2019, among Act II Global Acquisition Corp., Act II Global LLC and certain other security holders named therein (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to Act II’s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 333-236459) filed with the SEC on May 1, 2019).

    10.8+
     
    Letter Agreement dated November 16, 2019, by and among Merisant Company, Flavors Holdings Inc. and Andy Rusie (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.13 of Act II’s Form S-4/A (File No. 333-236459), filed with the SEC on April 10, 2020).

    10.9+
     
    Offer Letter, dated as of January 25, 2016, by and between Merisant Company 2 SARL and Albert Manzone (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.14 of Act II’s Form S-4/A (File No. 333-236459), filed with the SEC on April 10, 2020).

    10.10+
     
    Amendment to Offer Letter dated as of July 1, 2017, by and between Merisant Company 2 SARL and Albert Manzone (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.15 of Act II’s Form S-4/A (File No. 333-236459), filed with the SEC on April 10, 2020).

    10.11+
     
    2018 Amendment to Offer Letter dated as of November 4, 2018, by and between Merisant Company 2 SARL and Albert Manzone (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.16 of Act II’s Form S-4/A (File No. 333-236459), filed with the SEC on April 10, 2020).

    10.12+
     
    3rd Amendment to Offer Letter dated as of June 10, 2019, by and between Merisant Company 2 SARL and Albert Manzone (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.17 of Act II’s Form S-4/A (File No. 333-236459), filed with the SEC on April 10, 2020).


 




     16 
     
    

 



    Exhibit
 No.
     
    Description


 



    10.13+
     
    4th Amendment to Offer Letter dated as of July 23, 2019, by and between Merisant Company 2 SARL and Albert Manzone (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.18 of Act II’s Form S-4/A (File No. 333-236459), filed with the SEC on April 10, 2020).

    10.14+
     
    5th Amendment to Offer Letter dated as of September 9, 2019, by and between Merisant Company 2 SARL and Albert Manzone (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.19 of Act II’s Form S-4/A (File No. 333-236459), filed with the SEC on April 10, 2020).

    10.15+
     
    Executive Employment Agreement dated as of January 1, 2014, by and between MacAndrews & Forbes Holdings Inc. and Lucas Bailey (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.20 of Act II’s Form S-4/A (File No. 333-236459), filed with the SEC on April 10, 2020).

    10.16+
     
    First Amendment to Executive Employment Agreement dated as of May 13, 2015, by and between Mafco Worldwide Corporation and Lucas Bailey (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.21 of Act II’s Form S-4/A (File No. 333-236459), filed with the SEC on April 10, 2020).

    10.17+
     
    Second Amendment to Executive Employment Agreement dated as of February 11, 2017, by and between Mafco Worldwide Corporation and Lucas Bailey (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.22 of Act II’s Form S-4/A (File No. 333-236459), filed with the SEC on April 10, 2020).

    10.18+
     
    Fourth Amendment to Executive Employment Agreement dated as of May 8, 2018, by and between Mafco Worldwide LLC and Lucas Bailey (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.23 of Act II’s Form S-4/A (File No. 333-236459), filed with the SEC on April 10, 2020).


    10.19+
     
    Fifth Amendment to Executive Employment Agreement dated as of December 19, 2019, by and between Mafco Worldwide Corporation and Lucas Bailey (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.24 of Act II’s Form S-4/A (File No. 333-236459), filed with the SEC on April 10, 2020).

    10.20
     
    Form of Subscription Agreement by and between Act II Global Acquisition Corp. and the subscribers signatory thereto (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 of Act II’s Current Report on Form 8-K/425 (File No. 001-38880), filed with the SEC on February 13, 2020).

    10.21*
     
    Escrow Agreement dated as of June 25, 2020, by and among Act II Sponsor LLC, Whole Earth Brands, Inc. and Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company.

    14.1*
     
    Whole Earth Brands, Inc. Code of Ethics, as adopted on June 24, 2020.

    16.1*
     
    Letter from Marcum LLP to the SEC dated June 30,
2020.

    21.1*
     
    List of Subsidiaries.

    99.1*
     
    Press Release dated June 25, 2020.

    99.2*
     
    Unaudited
    Pro Forma Condensed Combined Financial Information of the Company for the year ended December 31, 2019 and as of and for
    the three months ended March 31, 2020.



 

 




*Filed herewith


 


+Indicates a management or compensatory plan.


 


†Schedules to this exhibit have been omitted pursuant
to Item 601(b)(2) of Registration S-K. The Registrant hereby agrees to furnish a copy of any omitted schedules to the SEC upon
request.



 



#Certain schedules and exhibits to this agreement
have been omitted pursuant to Item 601(a)(5) of Regulation S-K. A copy of any omitted schedule and/or exhibit will be furnished
supplementally to the SEC upon request.



 



‡Certain portions of this exhibit (indicated by “[***]”)
have been omitted pursuant to Regulation S-K, Item 601(b)(10).



 




     17 
     
    

 

SIGNATURES

 

Pursuant to the requirements
of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned
hereunto duly authorized.

 



     
    Whole Earth Brands, Inc.

     
     

     
     

    Dated: June 30, 2020
    By:
     
    /s/ Andrew Rusie

     
     
     
    Andrew Rusie

     
     
     
    Chief Financial Officer

     
     
     
     

     
     
     
     

 




     18 
    

 




