
8-K
1
a19-19922_18k.htm
8-K









  



 

 
UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION
Washington, D.C. 20549
 
FORM 8-K
 
CURRENT REPORT
Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
 
Date of report (Date of earliest event reported):  October 10, 2019
 
DFB Healthcare Acquisitions Corp.
(Exact Name of Registrant as Specified in Charter)
 




Delaware    (State or other jurisdiction   of incorporation)    

     

001-38399    (Commission File Number)    

     

82-3677704    (I.R.S. Employer   Identification Number)         

 




780   Third Avenue   New York, NY   (Address of principal executive offices)    

     

10017   (Zip code)         

 
(212) 551-1600 (Registrant’s telephone number, including area code)
 
Not Applicable (Former name or former address, if changed since last report)
 
Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the Registrant under any of the following provisions:
 
o            Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)
 
x           Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)
 
o            Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))
 
o            Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))
 
Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (§ 230.405) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (§ 240.12b-2).
 
Emerging growth company  x
 
If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act.  o
 




Title of each class    

     

Trading Symbol(s)    

     

Name of each exchange on which registered       


Units,   each consisting of one share of Common Stock and one-third of one Warrant    

     

DFBHU    

     

The   Nasdaq Stock Market LLC       


Common   Stock, par value $0.0001 per share    

     

DFBH    

     

The   Nasdaq Stock Market LLC       


Warrants,   each whole warrant exercisable for one share of Common Stock at an exercise   price of $11.50    

     

DFBHW    

     

The   Nasdaq Stock Market LLC         

 

 

 






 
Item 7.01. Regulation FD Disclosure
 
On October 10, 2019, DFB Healthcare Acquisitions Corp., a Delaware corporation (“DFB” or the “Company”), issued a press release announcing a record date of October 15, 2019 for the special meeting of shareholders (the “Special Meeting”) to approve the previously announced proposed business combination between DFB and AdaptHealth Holdings, LLC (“Adapt”). The Company’s shareholders at the close of business on the record date are entitled to receive notice of the Special Meeting, when the date of the Special Meeting is established, and to vote the shares of common stock owned by them at the Special Meeting.
 
A copy of the press release is attached hereto as Exhibit 99.1 and incorporated herein by reference.
 
Additional Information
 
In connection with the proposed transaction, DFB filed a preliminary proxy statement with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the “SEC”) relating to the transaction on August 19, 2019. DFB subsequently filed Amendment No. 1 and Amendment No. 2 to the preliminary proxy statement with the SEC on September 24, 2019. Stockholders of DFB and other interested persons are advised to read the preliminary proxy statement, and amendments thereto, and, when available, the definitive proxy statement in connection with DFB’s solicitation of proxies for the special meeting to be held to approve the transaction because these proxy statements will contain important information about DFB, Adapt, and the transaction. The definitive proxy statement will be mailed to shareholders of DFB as of the record date for voting on the proposed transaction. Stockholders will also be able to obtain a copy of the proxy statement, without charge, by directing a request to: DFB Healthcare Acquisitions Corp., 780 Third Avenue, New York, NY 10017. The preliminary and definitive proxy statement, once available, can also be obtained, without charge, at the SEC’s website (www.sec.gov).
 
Participants in the Solicitation
 
DFB, Adapt and their respective directors and executive officers may be considered participants in the solicitation of proxies with respect to the proposed transaction described in this current report on Form 8-K under the rules of the SEC. Information about the directors and executive officers of DFB is set forth in DFB’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2018, which was filed with the SEC on March 29, 2019, and is also contained in the preliminary proxy statement for the transaction. Information regarding the interests of the directors and executive officers of DFB is also contained in such preliminary proxy statement, and will be contained in the definitive proxy statement for the transaction, when available. Information regarding Adapt’s directors and executive officers is contained in the preliminary proxy statement for the transaction, and will be contained in the definitive proxy statement, when available. These documents can be obtained free of charge from the sources indicated above.
 
Non-Solicitation
 
This current report on Form 8-K is not a proxy statement or solicitation of a proxy, consent or authorization with respect to any securities or in respect of the proposed transaction and shall not constitute an offer to sell or a solicitation of an offer to buy the securities of DFB or Adapt, nor shall there be any sale of any such securities in any state or jurisdiction in which such offer, solicitation, or sale would be unlawful prior to registration or qualification under the securities laws of such state or jurisdiction. No offer of securities shall be made except by means of a definitive document.
 
Forward-looking Statements
 
This current report on Form 8-K includes certain statements that are not historical facts but are forward-looking statements for purposes of the safe harbor provisions under the United States Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Forward-looking statements generally are accompanied by words such as “believe,” “may,” “will,” “estimate,” “continue,” “anticipate,” “intend,” “expect,” “should,” “would,” “plan,” “predict,” “potential,” “seem,” “seek,” “future,” “outlook,” and similar expressions that predict or indicate future events or trends or that are not statements of historical matters. These forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to, statements regarding projections, estimates and forecasts of revenue and other financial and performance metrics and projections of market opportunity and expectations, and the closing of the proposed transaction. These statements are based on various assumptions
 
2






 
and on the current expectations of DFB and Adapt management and are not predictions of actual performance. These forward-looking statements are provided for illustrative purposes only and are not intended to serve as, and must not be relied on by any investor as, a guarantee, an assurance, a prediction or a definitive statement of fact or probability. Actual events and circumstances are difficult or impossible to predict and will differ from assumptions. Many actual events and circumstances are beyond the control of DFB and Adapt. These forward-looking statements are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties, including the outcome of judicial and administrative proceedings to which Adapt may become a party or governmental investigations to which Adapt may become subject that could interrupt or limit Adapt’s operations, result in adverse judgments, settlements or fines and create negative publicity; changes in Adapt’s clients’ preferences, prospects and the competitive conditions prevailing in the healthcare sector; the inability of the parties to successfully or timely consummate the proposed transaction, including the risk that any required regulatory approvals are not obtained, are delayed or are subject to unanticipated conditions that could adversely affect the combined company or the expected benefits of the proposed transaction or that the approval of the stockholders of DFB and/or the stockholders of Adapt for the proposed transaction is not obtained; failure to realize the anticipated benefits of the proposed transaction, including as a result of a delay in consummating the proposed transaction or a delay or difficulty in integrating the businesses of DFB and Adapt; the amount of redemption requests made by DFB’s stockholders; those factors discussed in the preliminary proxy statement filed by DFB with respect to the proposed transaction under the heading “Risk Factors,” and other documents of DFB filed, or to be filed, with the SEC. If the risks materialize or assumptions prove incorrect, actual results could differ materially from the results implied by these forward-looking statements. There may be additional risks that neither DFB nor Adapt presently know or that DFB and Adapt currently believe are immaterial that could also cause actual results to differ from those contained in the forward-looking statements. In addition, forward-looking statements reflect DFB’s and Adapt’s expectations, plans or forecasts of future events and views as of the date of this current report on Form 8-K. DFB and Adapt anticipate that subsequent events and developments will cause DFB’s and Adapt’s assessments to change. However, while DFB and Adapt may elect to update these forward-looking statements at some point in the future, DFB and Adapt specifically disclaim any obligation to do so. These forward-looking statements should not be relied upon as representing DFB’s and Adapt’s assessments as of any date subsequent to the date of this current report on Form 8-K. Accordingly, undue reliance should not be placed upon the forward-looking statements.
 
Item 8.01.  Other events.
 
See Item 7.01.
 
Item 9.01.  Financial Statements and Exhibits.
 
(d)           Exhibits.
 



Exhibit No.    

     

Exhibit       


99.1    

     

Press Release, dated October 10, 2019         
 
3






 
SIGNATURE
 
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, hereunto duly authorized.
 
Dated:  October 10, 2019
 



     

DFB Healthcare   Acquisitions Corp.       


     

        


     

By:    

/s/ Christopher Wolfe       


     

     

Name: Christopher Wolfe       


     

     

Title: Chief Financial   Officer         
 
4







