
8-K
1
tm2011241-1_8k.htm
FORM 8-K



     





 

 



UNITED STATES
SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION
Washington, D.C. 20549

 

FORM
8-K

 

CURRENT
REPORT

 

Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934

 

Date of report (Date of earliest event
reported): February 28, 2020 (February 27, 2020)

 

Pensare
Acquisition Corp.

(Exact
Name of Registrant as Specified in Charter)

 



 

 



    Delaware
     
    001-38167
     
    81-2402421

    (State or other jurisdiction
     
    (Commission File Number)
     
    (I.R.S. Employer

    of incorporation)
     
     
     
    Identification Number)

 



    1720 Peachtree Street, Suite 629
     

    Atlanta, GA
    30309

    (Address of principal executive offices)
    (Zip code)

     
     

(404) 234-3098
(Registrant’s telephone number, including area code)

 

Not Applicable 
(Former name or former address, if changed since last report)

 



 

 

Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended
to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:

 



    ¨ 
    Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)



 



    ¨ 
    Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)



 



    ¨ 
    Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))



 



    ¨
    
        Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under
        the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))
         
        Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging
        growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (§230.405) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act
        of 1934 (§240.12b-2).
         
        Emerging
        growth company  þ
         
        If an emerging growth company,
        indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or
        revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. ¨

 



    Title of each class
     
    Trading Symbol(s)
     
    Name of each exchange on which registered

    Units, each consisting of one share of Common Stock, one Right and one Warrant
     
    WRLSU
     
    The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC

    Common Stock, par value $0.001 per share
     
    WRLS
     
    The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC

    Rights, exchangeable into one-tenth of one share of Common Stock
     
    WRLSR
     
    The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC

    Warrants, each whole warrant exercisable for one share of Common Stock at an exercise price of $11.50
     
    WRLSW
     
    The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC






 



 




     
     
    

 

Item 5.07.   Submission of Matters to a Vote of Security
Holders.

 

On February 27, 2020,
Pensare Acquisition Corp. (the “Company”) held a special meeting of stockholders (the “Special Meeting”)
in connection with the proposed business combination (the “Business Combination”) of the Company and Stratos Management
Systems, Inc. (“Computex”), as described in the definitive proxy statement filed by the Company with the SEC on February 13, 2020 and incorporated herein by reference. Present at the Special Meeting were holders of 6,030,890 shares of the Company’s
common stock (the “Common Stock”) in person or by proxy, representing 76.02% of the voting power of the Common stock
as of January 24, 2020, the record date for the Special Meeting (the “Record Date”), and constituting a quorum for
the transaction of business. As of the Record Date, there were 7,932,977 shares of Common Stock issued and outstanding.

 

At the Special Meeting,
the Company’s stockholders approved the Business Combination Proposal, the Certificate Proposal and the Incentive Plan Proposal,
in each case as defined and described in greater detail in the Proxy Statement. Approval of the Business Combination Proposal required
the affirmative vote of a majority of the outstanding shares of the Company’s common stock present and entitled to vote at
the Special Meeting. Approval of the Certificate Proposal required the affirmative vote of a majority of the outstanding shares
of the Company’s common stock entitled to vote at the Special Meeting. Approval of the Incentive Plan Proposal required the
affirmative vote of the holders of a majority of the shares of the Company’s common stock that were voted thereon at the
Special Meeting. The Adjournment Proposal, as defined and described in greater detail in the Proxy Statement, was not presented
to the Company’s stockholders as the Business Combination Proposal, the Certificate Proposal and the Incentive Plan Proposal
each received a sufficient number of votes for approval. The Company intends to consummate the Business Combination as promptly
as reasonably possible.

 

Set forth below are
the final voting results for the Business Combination Proposal, the Certificate Proposal, and the Incentive Plan Proposal:

 

Business Combination Proposal

 

The Business Combination Proposal was
approved. The voting results of the shares of the Company’s common stock were as follows:

 



    For
     
     
    Against
     
     
    Abstentions
     
     
     

     
    6,030,888
     
     
     
    2
     
     
     
    0
     
     
     

 

Certificate Proposal

 

The Certificate Proposal was approved.
The voting results of the shares of the Company’s common stock were as follows:

 



    For
     
     
    Against
     
     
    Abstentions
     
     
     

     
    6,030,888
     
     
     
    2
     
     
     
    0
     
     
     

 

Incentive Plan Proposal

 

The Incentive Plan Proposal was approved.
The voting results of the shares of the Company’s common stock were as follows:

 



    For
     
     
    Against
     
     
    Abstentions
     
     
     

     
    6,030,888
     
     
     
    2
     
     
     
    0
     
     
     




 




     
     
    

 

Forward Looking Statements

 

This
communication includes certain statements that are not historical facts but are forward-looking statements for purposes of the
safe harbor provisions under the United States Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Forward-looking statements generally
are accompanied by words such as “believe,” “may,” “will,” “estimate,” “continue,”
 “anticipate,” “intend,” “expect,” “should,” “would,” “plan,”
 “predict,” “potential,” “seem,” “seek,” “future,” “outlook,”
and similar expressions that predict or indicate future events or trends or that are not statements of historical matters. These
forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to, statements regarding projections, estimates and forecasts of revenue
and other financial and performance metrics and projections of market opportunity and expectations, and the closing of the proposed
Business Combination. These statements are based on various assumptions and on the current expectations of Pensare and Computex
management and are not predictions of actual performance. These forward-looking statements are provided for illustrative purposes
only and are not intended to serve as, and must not be relied on by any investor as, a guarantee, an assurance, a prediction or
a definitive statement of fact or probability. Actual events and circumstances are difficult or impossible to predict and will
differ from assumptions. Many actual events and circumstances are beyond the control of Pensare and Computex. These forward-looking
statements are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties, including changes in Computex’s clients’ preferences,
prospects and the competitive conditions prevailing in the industries in which Computex operates; the inability of the parties
to successfully or timely consummate the proposed Business Combination, including the risk that any required regulatory approvals
are not obtained, are delayed or are subject to unanticipated conditions that could adversely affect the combined company or the
expected benefits of the proposed Business Combination; failure to realize the anticipated benefits of the proposed Business
Combination, including as a result of a delay in consummating the proposed Business Combination or a delay or difficulty in integrating
the businesses of Pensare and Computex; the amount of redemption requests made by Pensare’s stockholders as of the closing
of the proposed Business Combination; the ability to meet Nasdaq’s listing standards following the consummation of the
proposed Business Combination; those factors discussed in Pensare’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended
June 30, 2019 and the Proxy Statement, in each case, under the heading “Risk Factors,” and other documents of Pensare
filed, or to be filed, with the SEC. If the risks materialize or assumptions prove incorrect, actual results could differ materially
from the results implied by these forward-looking statements. There may be additional risks that neither Pensare nor Computex presently
know or that Pensare and Computex currently believe are immaterial that could also cause actual results to differ from those contained
in the forward-looking statements. In addition, forward-looking statements reflect Pensare’s and Computex’s expectations,
plans or forecasts of future events and views as of the date of this Current Report on Form 8-K. Pensare and Computex anticipate
that subsequent events and developments will cause Pensare’s and Computex’s assessments to change. However, while Pensare
and Computex may elect to update these forward-looking statements at some point in the future, Pensare and Computex specifically
disclaim any obligation to do so. These forward-looking statements should not be relied upon as representing Pensare’s and
Computex’s assessments as of any date subsequent to the date of this Current Report on Form 8-K. Accordingly, undue reliance
should not be placed upon the forward-looking statements.

 







     
     
    

 

SIGNATURE

 

Pursuant to the requirements
of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned
hereunto duly authorized.

 



     
    PENSARE
    ACQUISITION CORP.  
    

     
     
    

     
    By:
    /s/
    Darrell J. Mays
    


     
     
    Name:
     Darrell J. Mays

     
     
    Title:
     Chief Executive Officer


 

Date: February 28, 2020




 




     
    

 




