
8-K
1
ea120340-8k_interprivateacq.htm
CURRENT REPORT



     







 

UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549

 

 

 

FORM 8-K

CURRENT REPORT

 

PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE

SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934



 

Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported):
April 1, 2020

  

INTERPRIVATE ACQUISITION CORP.

(Exact Name of Registrant as Specified in Charter)





    	Delaware
     
    001-39204
     
    84-3080757

    (State or Other Jurisdiction 	of Incorporation)
     
    	(Commission File Number)
     
    (IRS Employer Identification No.)






 

1350 Avenue of the Americas

New York, NY 10019

(Address of Principal Executive Offices) (Zip
Code)

 

(212) 647-0166

(Registrant’s Telephone Number, Including
Area Code)

 

Not Applicable

(Former Name or Former Address, if Changed Since
Last Report)

 

Check the
appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under
any of the following provisions (see General Instruction A.2. below):

 


☐Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the
Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)



☐Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the
Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)





☐Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b)
under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))





☐Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c)
under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e 4(c))








Securities registered pursuant to
Section 12(b) of the Act:

 



    
        Title of
        each class
     
    Trading
Symbol(s)
     
    Name of each exchange on
which registered

    Units, each consisting of one share of common stock and one-half of one redeemable warrant
     
    IPV.U
     
    The New York Stock Exchange

    Common stock, par value $0.0001 per share
     
    IPV
     
    The New York Stock Exchange

    Redeemable warrants, exercisable for shares of common stock at an exercise price of $11.50 per share
     
    IPV WS
     
    The New York Stock Exchange



 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (§230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2
of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (§240.12b-2 of this chapter).

 

Emerging growth company ☒

 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by
check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial
accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. ☐



 




     
     
    




Item 5.02Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers; Compensatory Arrangements
of Certain Officers.

On April 1, 2020, the Board
of Directors (“Board”) of InterPrivate Acquisition Corp. (the “Company”) appointed Matthew
Luckett to fill a vacancy on the Board. Mr. Luckett will also serve on the Board’s Audit Committee. Mr. Luckett is deemed
an “independent director” under the New York Stock Exchange (“NYSE”) listing rules, which is defined
generally as a person other than an officer or employee of the Company or its subsidiaries or any other individual having a relationship
which, in the opinion of the Company’s Board, would interfere with the director’s exercise of independent judgment
in carrying out the responsibilities of a director.

 

Matthew
Luckett, 48 years old, is a seasoned alternative investor, with direct experience in hedge funds, venture capital, private equity
and real estate. Since 2015, he has been the Managing Partner of ALBA Holdings, through which he directs his family office, and
is focused on direct and fund investments across all asset classes. In addition, Mr. Luckett is the co-founder and a General Partner
of Lampros Capital, an investment firm founded in 2016 that specializes in technology-enabled alternative private credit. Mr. Luckett
serves on the investment committee for Global Customised Wealth LLP, a London-based ultra-high net worth wealth management firm,
where he focuses on direct and co-investment opportunities. From 2004 to 2014, Mr. Luckett was with Balestra Capital, LTD, a global
macro investment firm, most recently as a General Partner. He was previously a Co-Portfolio Manager of Balestra Capital Partners
(BCP), the firm’s global macro hedge fund and served on the investment committee of Balestra Spectrum Partners (BSP), the
firm’s fund of funds. Mr. Luckett was also the managing partner of the firm’s Management Committee and was responsible
for portfolio strategy, macro-economic research and idea generation and portfolio risk supervision for Balestra Capital Partners.
During his tenure, Balestra was ranked as one of the best performing macro funds in the world by HFRI. Prior to Balestra Capital,
Mr. Luckett was a Principal and Senior Equity Research Analyst at SoundView Technology Group (NASDAQ: SNDV), where he was responsible
for research coverage of software, Internet and business services companies. In 2000, he was named to the Wall Street Journal’s
“Best on the Street” research analyst team. Mr. Luckett began his career as an industry analyst at Gartner Group. Mr.
Luckett was a George F. Baker Scholar at Georgetown University where he graduated with honors. He holds a Bachelor of Arts degree
in American Studies with a minor in Japanese. He currently serves on the board of the Georgetown Scholars Program (targeting first-generation
college students) and has previously served on the Georgetown College Board of Advisors and on the Board of Trustees for the Baker
Scholarship.

 

 


    2 
     
    



 

SIGNATURE

Pursuant to the
requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the
undersigned hereunto duly authorized.





    Dated: April 1, 2020
    INTERPRIVATE ACQUISITION CORP.

     
     

     
    By: 
    /s/ Ahmed M. Fattouh

     
     
    Name: Ahmed M. FattouhTitle: Chairman and Chief Executive
Officer

 

 




    3 
    

 








