
8-K
1
ea122496-8k_gordonpointe.htm
CURRENT REPORT



     





 

 

UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington, D.C. 20549

 

FORM 8-K

 

CURRENT REPORT

 

PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE
SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

 

Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported):
May 29, 2020

 

GORDON POINTE ACQUISITION CORP.

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its
charter)

 



    Delaware
     
    001-38363
     
    82-1270173

    (State or other jurisdiction
of incorporation)
     
    (Commission
File Number)
     
    (IRS Employer
Identification No.)

 

780 Fifth Avenue South

Naples, FL 34102

(Address of principal executive offices, including
zip code)

 

Registrant’s telephone number, including
area code: (412) 960-4687

 

Not Applicable
(Former name or former address, if changed since last report)

 

Check the appropriate box
below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following
provisions:

 



    ☐
    Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

     
     

    ☒
    Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

     
     

    ☐
    Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

     
     

    ☐
    Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b)
of the Act:

 



    Title of each class
     
    Trading Symbol(s)
     
    
        Name of each exchange on
        which registered

    Units, each consisting of one share of Class A common stock, $0.0001 par value, and one Warrant
     
    GPAQU
     
    Nasdaq Capital Market

    Class A common stock, $0.0001 par value per share
     
    GPAQ
     
    Nasdaq Capital Market

    Warrants to purchase Class A common stock
     
    GPAQW
     
    Nasdaq Capital Market

 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (§230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2
of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (§240.12b-2 of this chapter).

 

Emerging growth company ☒

 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by
check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial
accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. ☐

 

 




     
     
    



 

Item 7.01 Regulation FD Disclosure.

 

Attached as Exhibit 99.l
to this Current Report and incorporated into this Item 7.01 by reference is the investor presentation dated May 29, 2020 that will
be used by Gordon Pointe Acquisition Corp. (the “Company” or “GPAQ”) in making presentations to certain
existing and potential stockholders of GPAQ with respect to the transactions contemplated by that certain Agreement and Plan of
Merger, dated as of September 16, 2019 (as amended, the “Merger Agreement”), entered into by GPAQ, GPAQ Acquisition
Holdings, Inc. (“Holdings”), HOF Village, LLC (“HOFV”), HOF Village Newco, LLC (“Newco”), and
the other parties thereto.

 

The investor presentation
attached hereto replaces and supersedes the investor presentation previously furnished by GPAQ as an exhibit to GPAQ’s Current
Report on Form 8-K filed on April 14, 2020.

 

The information in this Current Report
and Exhibit 99.1 attached hereto is being furnished pursuant to Item 7.01 and shall not be deemed to be “filed”
for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the “Exchange Act”), or otherwise
be subject to the liabilities of that section, nor shall it be deemed to be incorporated by reference in any filing under the Securities
Act of 1933, as amended, or the Exchange Act, regardless of any general incorporation language in such filings.  This Current
Report will not be deemed an admission as to the materiality of any of the information in this Item 7.01, including Exhibit 99.1.

Additional Information

 

In connection with the
proposed business combination between GPAQ and HOFV, GPAQ has filed with the SEC Amendment No. 3 to Definitive Proxy Statement
on May 26, 2020 (the “Merger Proxy Statement”), and Holdings has filed with the SEC Post-Effective Amendment No. 3
to Registration Statement on Form S-4 on May 26, 2020 (the “Registration Statement”). Investors and security holders
are advised to read the Registration Statement and the Merger Proxy Statement, and amendments thereto and the definitive proxy
statements, when available, which will contain important information about the proposed extension and the proposed business combination
and the parties to it. The Registration Statement and definitive Merger Proxy Statement will be mailed to stockholders of the Company
as of a record date to be established for voting on the proposed business combination. Stockholders will also be able to obtain
copies of the Registration Statement and Merger Proxy Statement, without charge, at the SEC’s website at www.sec.gov or by
directing a request to: Gordon Pointe Acquisition Corp., 780 Fifth Avenue South, Naples, FL 34102.

 

Forward-Looking Statements

 

Certain statements made
herein are “forward-looking statements” within the meaning of the “safe harbor” provisions of the Private
Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Forward-looking statements may be identified by the use of words such as “anticipate”,
“believe”, “expect”, “estimate”, “plan”, “outlook”, and “project”
and other similar expressions that predict or indicate future events or trends or that are not statements of historical matters.
Such forward-looking statements include timing of the proposed merger; the business plans, objectives, expectations and intentions
of the parties once the transaction is complete, and Holding’s, the Company’s and HOFV’s estimated and future
results of operations, business strategies, competitive position, industry environment and potential growth opportunities, relating
to the acquired business. These forward-looking statements reflect the current analysis of existing information and are subject
to various risks and uncertainties. As a result, caution must be exercised in relying on forward-looking statements. Due to known
and unknown risks, our actual results may differ materially from our expectations or projections. The following factors, among
others, could cause actual results to differ materially from those described in these forward-looking statements: the impact of
the Coronavirus on GPAQ and HOFV, the occurrence of any event, change or other circumstances that could give rise to the termination
of the Merger Agreement and the proposed transaction contemplated thereby; the inability to complete the transactions contemplated
by the Merger Agreement due to the failure to obtain approval of the stockholders of the Company or other conditions to closing
in the Merger Agreement; the outcome of any legal proceedings that have been, or will be, instituted against the Company or other
parties to the Merger Agreement following announcement of the Merger Agreement and transactions contemplated therein; the ability
of Holdings to meet NASDAQ listing standards following the merger and in connection with the consummation thereof; the failure
to obtain the financing arrangements necessary to complete the development of the project; the failure to achieve the assumptions
underlying certain of the financial projections included within the investor presentation including, among others, securing the
timely financing for, and achieving construction of, the second phase of the project within assumed time and financial budget,
and achieving expected attendance and occupancy rates; risks that the proposed transaction disrupts current plans and operations
and the potential difficulties in employee retention as a result of the announcement of the Merger Agreement and consummation of
the transaction described therein; costs related to the proposed merger and the impact of the substantial indebtedness to be incurred
to finance the consummation of the merger; changes in applicable laws or regulations; the ability of the combined company to meet
its financial and strategic goals, due to, among other things, competition, the ability of the combined company to grow and manage
growth profitability, maintain relationships with customers and retain its key employees; the possibility that the combined company
may be adversely affected by other economic, business, and/or competitive factors; and other risks and uncertainties described
herein, as well as those risks and uncertainties discussed from time to time in other reports and other public filings with the
SEC by the Company and Holdings.

 




    1
     
    



 

Use of non-GAAP Financial Measures

 The investor presentation includes
non-GAAP financial measures of the combined company including forward-looking projections of adjusted EBITDA and annualized run-rate
EBITDA. In the investor presentation, “EBITDA” means net income (loss) before interest expense, income taxes and depreciation
and amortization. “Adjusted EBITDA” means EBITDA adjusted for items that are not part of regular operating activities,
including acquisition related expenses, profit interest expense and founder’s fee (both of which will cease following closing
of the merger) and other non-cash items such as non-cash-unit based compensation, losses on disposal of property, losses from discontinued
operations and individually significant disposals and expenses related to tax changes. Adjusted EBITDA does not represent, and
should not be considered as, an alternative to net income or cash flows from operations, each as determined in accordance with
GAAP. “Annualized run-rate EBITDA” means “EBITDA” projected over an annualized period. We have presented
forward-looking projections of adjusted EBITDA and annualized run-rate EBITDA in the investor presentation because we consider
them key measures used by the combined company management to understand and evaluate the combined company’s operating performance
and trends, to prepare and approve the combined company’s annual budget and to develop short-term and long-term operational
plans, and believe that those measures are frequently used by analysts, investors and other interested parties in the evaluation
of companies. Other companies may calculate adjusted EBITDA and annualized run-rate EBITDA differently than we do. HOFV and GPAQ
are unable to reconcile the forward-looking projections of EBITDA and adjusted EBITDA and annualized run-rate EBITDA to their nearest
GAAP measures because the nearest GAAP financial measures are not accessible on a forward-looking basis.

Participants in the Solicitation

 

The Company, Holdings,
HOFV, Newco and their respective directors, executive officers and other members of their management and employees, under SEC rules,
may be deemed to be participants in the solicitation of proxies of the Company’s stockholders in connection with the proposed
business combination. Investors and security holders may obtain more detailed information regarding the names, affiliations and
interests in the Company’s directors in its Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2019, which
was filed with the SEC on March 10, 2020, and also in the Registration Statement on Form S-4 filed with the SEC and declared effective
on February 14, 2020, as amended by Post-Effective Amendment No. 3 to Registration Statement filed with the SEC on May 26, 2020,
which includes the proxy statement/prospectus of the Company for the proposed transaction. Information regarding the persons who
may, under SEC rules, be deemed participants in the solicitation of proxies to the Company’s stockholders in connection with
the proposed business combination, and information concerning the interests of the Company’s and Newco’s participants
in the solicitation, which may, in some cases, be different than those of the Company’s and Newco’s equity holders
generally, is set forth in the Post-Effective Amendment No. 3 to Registration Statement.

 

Non-Solicitation

 

This communication is not
a proxy statement or solicitation of a proxy, consent or authorization with respect to any securities or in respect of the proposed
transaction and shall not constitute an offer to sell or a solicitation of an offer to buy any securities, nor shall there
be any sale of any such securities in any state or jurisdiction in which such offer, solicitation, or sale would be unlawful prior
to registration or qualification under the securities laws of such state or jurisdiction. No offer of securities shall be made
except by means of a prospectus meeting the requirements of Section 10 of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended.

 

Item 9.01 Financial Statements and Exhibits.

 

(d) Exhibits

 



    Exhibit
Number
     
    Description

     
     
     

    99.1
     
    Investor Presentation dated May 29, 2020

 


    2
     
    



SIGNATURE

 

Pursuant to the requirements
of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned
hereunto duly authorized.

 



     
    GORDON POINTE ACQUISITION CORP.

     
     
     

     
    By:
    /s/ James J. Dolan

     
     
    Name: James J. Dolan

     
     
    Title: Chief Executive Officer

     
     
     

    Dated: May 29, 2020
     
     

 

 

 3 

 







 








