
8-K
1
ea121475-8k_legacyacq.htm
CURRENT REPORT



     





 



 

UNITED STATES
SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington, D.C. 20549

 

FORM 8-K

 

CURRENT REPORT
Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934

 

Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported):
May 6, 2020

 

LEGACY ACQUISITION, CORP.

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its
charter)

 



    DELAWARE
     
    001-38296
     
    81-3674868

    (State or other jurisdiction
     
    (Commission File Number)
     
    (IRS Employer

    of incorporation)
     
     
     
    Identification No.)

 

1308 Race Street Suite 200
Cincinnati, Ohio 45202
(Address of principal executive offices, including zip code)

 

(505) 820-0412
(Registrant’s telephone number, including area code)

 

Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K
filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:

 



     
    ☐
    Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

 



     
    ☒
    Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

 



     
    ☐
    Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

 



     
    ☐
    Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

 



    
         
        Title of each class
     
    Trading Symbol(s)
     
    Name of each exchange on which registered

    Units, each consisting of one share of Class A common stock and one Warrant to purchase one-half of one share of Class A common stock
     
    LGC.U
     
    New York Stock Exchange

    Class A common stock, par value $0.0001 per share
     
    LGC
     
    New York Stock Exchange

    Warrants, exercisable for one-half of one share of Class A common stock for $5.75 per half share, or $11.50 per whole share
     
    LGC.WS
     
    New York Stock Exchange

 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (§230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2
of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (§240.12b-2 of this chapter). 

 

Emerging growth company  ☒

 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by
check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial
accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act.  ☐

 

 




    
     
    



 


Item 8.01Other Information

 

Furnished as Exhibit 99.1
hereto is a press release, dated May 6, 2020 (the “Business Combination Press Release”), issued by Legacy Acquisition
Corp. (“Legacy”) announcing that Legacy changed the location for its special meeting of Stockholders (the “Business
Combination Special Meeting”) to be held at 4:00 p.m. Eastern Time to a virtual meeting, as described in Exhibit 99.1 of
this Current Report.

 

Furnished as Exhibit 99.2
hereto is a press release, dated May 6, 2020 (the “Extension Press Release”), issued by Legacy announcing that Legacy
changed the location for its special meeting of Stockholders (the “Extension Special Meeting”) to be held at the later
of 4:30 p.m. Eastern Time or the conclusion of the Business Combination Special Meeting to a virtual meeting, as described in
Exhibit 99.2 of this Current Report.

 

Important Information About the Business Combination and Where
to Find It

 

In connection with the business combination
contemplated by the Amended and Restated Share Exchange Agreement (the “Business Combination”), Legacy filed a definitive
proxy statement on Schedule 14A (the “Business Combination Proxy”) with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission
(the “SEC”) on March 31, 2020. In connection with the solicitation of the registered holders of Legacy’s public
warrants to consent to proposed amendments to Legacy’s Warrant Agreement (the “Warrant Amendments”), Legacy filed
a preliminary consent solicitation statement (the “Warrant Consent Solicitation”) with the SEC on March 31, 2020 and
intends to file other relevant materials with the SEC in connection therewith, including a definitive consent solicitation statement
on Schedule 14A. Additionally, in connection with another extension of the deadline by which Legacy must complete its business
combination (the “Deadline Extension”), Legacy filed a definitive proxy statement on Schedule 14A (the “Extension
Proxy”) with the SEC on April 21, 2020. Legacy’s stockholders and other interested persons are advised to read the
Business Combination Proxy, as well as the preliminary Warrant Consent Solicitation and the Extension Proxy and the amendments
thereto and other relevant materials to be filed, respectively, in connection with the Business Combination, the Warrant Amendments
and the Deadline Extension with the SEC, including, when available, a definitive warrant consent solicitation on Schedule 14A in
connection with the Warrant Amendments and documents incorporated by reference therein, as these materials contain, with respect
to the Business Combination and the Deadline Extension, and will contain with respect to the Warrant Amendments, important information. The
definitive proxy statement and other relevant materials for the Business Combination and the Deadline Extension were mailed to
stockholders of Legacy as of March 20, 2020 and April 6, 2020, respectively. When available, the definitive proxy statements and
other relevant materials for the Warrant Amendments will be mailed to warrant holders of Legacy as of March 20, 2020. Warrant holders
and stockholders are also able to obtain copies of the Business Combination Proxy and Extension Proxy, as well as the preliminary
proxy statement and other documents filed with the SEC incorporated by reference therein, and will also be able to obtain, once
available, the definitive proxy statements and other documents filed with the SEC that will be incorporated by reference therein,
without charge, at the SEC’s web site at www.sec.gov, or by directing a request to: Legacy Acquisition Corp., 1308 Race Street,
Suite 200, Cincinnati, Ohio 45202, Attention: Secretary, (513) 618-7161.

 

Participants in the Solicitation

 

Legacy and its directors and executive officers
may be deemed participants in the solicitation of proxies from Legacy’s stockholders with respect to the Business Combination
and Deadline Extensions and consents from Legacy’s warrant holders with respect to the Warrant Amendments. A list of the
names of those directors and executive officers and a description of their interests in Legacy is contained in the Definitive Business
Combination Proxy filed with the SEC, the Warrant Consent Solicitation and the Extension Proxy and in Legacy’s proxy statement
for its 2019 Annual Meeting that was filed with the SEC on November 22, 2019 and are available free of charge at the SEC’s
web site at www.sec.gov, or by directing a request to: Legacy Acquisition Corp., 1308 Race Street, Suite 200, Cincinnati, Ohio
45202, Attention: Secretary, (513) 618-7161. Additional information regarding the interests of such participants will be contained
in the definitive proxy statement that Legacy intends to file with the SEC in connection with the Business Combination when available.

 

The Seller, Blue Focus
Intelligent Communications Group, and their respective directors and executive officers may also be deemed to be participants in
the solicitation of proxies from the stockholders of Legacy in connection with the Business Combination. A list of the names of
such directors and executive officers and information regarding their interests in the Business Combination will be included in
Legacy’s definitive proxy statement that will be filed with respect to the Business Combination. 

 

Forward-Looking Statements:

 

This Current Report on
Form 8-K includes “forward-looking statements” within the meaning of the “safe harbor” provisions of the
Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Legacy’s and the Blue Impact business’ actual results may differ
from their expectations, estimates and projections and consequently, you should not rely on these forward-looking statements as
predictions of future events. Words such as “expect,” “estimate,” “project,” “budget,”
“forecast,” “anticipate,” “intend,” “propose,” “plan,” “contemplate,”
“may,” “will,” “shall,” “would,” “could,” “should,” “believes,”
“predicts,” “potential,” “continue,” “positioned,” “goal,” “conditional”
and similar expressions are intended to identify such forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements include, without
limitation, the Legacy’s expected Contributions to the trust account in respect of future Extensions (if any), Legacy’s
intention to borrow the funds for any such Contributions from the Seller, and the timing of payment of any such Contributions.




    1
     
    

 

These forward-looking statements
involve significant risks and uncertainties that could cause the actual results to differ materially from the expected results.
Most of these factors are outside Legacy’s and the Blue Impact business’ control and are difficult to predict. Factors
that may cause such differences include, but are not limited to: (1) the occurrence of any event, change or other circumstances
that could give rise to the termination of the Share Exchange Agreement, (2) the outcome of any legal proceedings that may be instituted
against Legacy and other transaction parties following the announcement of the Share Exchange Agreement and the transactions contemplated
therein; (3) the inability to complete the proposed Business Combination, including due to failure to obtain approval of the stockholders
of Legacy or other conditions to closing in the Share Exchange Agreement; (4) the occurrence of any event, change or other circumstance
that could otherwise cause the Business Combination to fail to close; (5) the receipt of an unsolicited offer from another party
for an alternative business transaction that could interfere with the proposed Business Combination; (6) the risk that the proposed
Business Combination disrupts current plans and operations as a result of the announcement and consummation of the proposed Business
Combination; (7) costs related to the proposed Business Combination; (8) changes in applicable laws or regulations; (9) the aggregate
number of Legacy shares requested to be redeemed by Legacy’s stockholders in connection with the proposed Business Combination;
(10) the ability of the Blue Impact business to ameliorate or otherwise mitigate its existing material weaknesses and any material
weaknesses in internal control over financial reporting or significant deficiencies that may be identified in the future; and (11)
other risks and uncertainties indicated from time to time in the proxy statement relating to the proposed Business Combination,
including those under “Risk Factors” therein, and in Legacy’s other filings with the SEC. Legacy cautions that
the foregoing list of factors is not exhaustive. Legacy cautions readers not to place undue reliance upon any forward-looking statements,
which speak only as of the date made. Legacy does not undertake or accept any obligation or undertaking to release publicly any
updates or revisions to any forward-looking statements to reflect any change in its expectations or any change in events, conditions
or circumstances on which any such statement is based.

 

No Offer or Solicitation

 

This Current Report on
Form 8-K shall not constitute a solicitation of a proxy, consent or authorization with respect to any securities or in respect
of the Business Combination. This Current Report on Form 8-K shall also not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of
an offer to buy any securities, nor shall there be any sale of securities in any states or jurisdictions in which such offer, solicitation
or sale would be unlawful prior to registration or qualification under the securities laws of any such jurisdiction. No offering
of securities shall be made except by means of a prospectus meeting the requirements of section 10 of the Securities Act, or an
exemption therefrom. 

 



    Item 9.01
    Financial Statements and Exhibits.

 

(d) Exhibits

 



    Exhibit 
Number
     
    Description

    99.1
     
    Press Release of Legacy Acquisition Corp. dated May 6, 2020

    99.2
     
    Press Release of Legacy Acquisition Corp. dated May 6, 2020

 


    2
     
    



 

SIGNATURE

 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.        

 



     
    LEGACY ACQUISITION CORP.

     
     
     

     Dated: May 6, 2020
    By:
    /s/ William C. Finn

     
    Name:  
    William C. Finn

     
    Title:
    Chief Financial Officer 

 


    3
    






