
8-K
1
ea121761-8k_forummergii.htm
CURRENT REPORT



     





 

 

UNITED
STATES
SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION
Washington, D.C. 20549

FORM 8-K

CURRENT REPORT

PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF
THE
SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

Date of Report (Date of earliest event
reported): May 13, 2020

FORUM MERGER II CORPORATION 

(Exact name of registrant as specified
in its charter)



    Delaware
    001-38615
    82-5457906

    (State or other jurisdiction
of incorporation)
    (Commission
File Number)
    (IRS Employer
Identification No.)

1615 South Congress Avenue, Suite 103

Delray Beach, FL 33445

(Address of principal executive offices,
including zip code)

 

Registrant’s telephone number, including
area code: (212) 739-7860

 

Not Applicable
(Former name or former address, if changed since last report)

 

Check the appropriate box below if the
Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:

 



    ¨
    Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

     
     

    ¨
    Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

     
     

    ¨
    Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

     
     

    ¨
    Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the
Act:

 



    Title
    of each class
     
    Trading
    Symbol(s)
     
    Name
    of each exchange on which registered

    Units, each consisting
    of one share of Class A common stock and one redeemable warrant
     
    FMCIU
     
    The Nasdaq Stock Market
    LLC

    Class A common stock,
    $0.0001 par value per share
     
    FMCI
     
    The Nasdaq Stock Market
    LLC

    Warrants, each exercisable
    for one share of Class A common stock
     
    FMCIW
     
    The Nasdaq Stock Market
    LLC

 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging
growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (§230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934 (§240.12b-2 of this chapter).

 

Emerging growth company
x

 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant
has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided
pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. ¨




 

 




    
     
    

Item 7.01       Regulation
FD Disclosure.

 

On May 13, 2020,
Forum Merger II Corporation (the “Company”) issued a press release to announce that it has entered into a letter of
intent and expects to enter into a definitive agreement relating to a potential business combination with a high-growth, plant-based
food company with a broad portfolio of innovative products. There can be no assurance that a definitive agreement will be entered
into or that the proposed transaction will be consummated. A copy of the press release is attached as Exhibit 99.1 hereto and incorporated
by reference herein.

 

The information in
this Item 7.01, including Exhibit 99.1, is furnished and shall not be deemed “filed” for purposes of Section 18 of
the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the “Exchange Act”), or otherwise subject to liabilities under that
section, and shall not be deemed to be incorporated by reference into the filings of the Company under the Securities Act of 1933,
as amended (the “Securities Act”), or the Exchange Act, regardless of any general incorporation language in such filings.
This Current Report on Form 8-K will not be deemed an admission as to the materiality of any information of the information in
this Item 7.01, including Exhibit 99.1.

 

Additional Information and Where to Find It

 

If a legally binding
definitive agreement is entered into, a full description of the terms of the transaction will be provided in a proxy statement
for the stockholders of the Company (the “Transaction Proxy Statement”), to be filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange
Commission (the “SEC”). The Company urges investors, stockholders and other interested persons to read, when available,
the preliminary Transaction Proxy Statement as well as other documents filed with the SEC because these documents will contain
important information about the Company, the potential target company and the transaction. The definitive Transaction Proxy Statement
will be mailed to stockholders of the Company as of a record date to be established for voting on the proposed transaction.

 

In addition, the
Company has filed a preliminary proxy statement (the “Extension Proxy Statement”) to be used at its special meeting
of stockholders to approve an extension of time in which the Company must complete an initial business combination or liquidate
the trust account that holds the proceeds of the Company’s initial public offering (the “Extension”). The Company
will mail a definitive Extension Proxy Statement and other relevant documents, when available, to its stockholders of record as
of May 13, 2020 in connection with the Extension. Investors and security holders of the Company are advised to read the preliminary
Extension Proxy Statement and, when available, the definitive Extension Proxy Statement, the preliminary Transaction Proxy Statement
and the definitive Transaction Proxy Statement, and any amendments thereto, because these documents will contain important information
about the Extension, the Company and the proposed transaction. The definitive Transaction Proxy Statement will be mailed to the
Company’s stockholders of record as of a record date to be established for the special meeting of stockholders relating to
the proposed transaction. Stockholders will also be able to obtain copies of the definitive Extension Proxy Statement and the Transaction
Proxy Statement, without charge, once available, at the SEC's website at www.sec.gov or by directing a request to: Forum Merger
II Corporation, 1615 South Congress Avenue, Suite 103, Delray Beach, FL 33445.

 

Forward Looking Statements

 

Certain statements
made in this Current Report on Form 8-K are “forward looking statements” within the meaning of the “safe harbor”
provisions of the United States Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. When used in this Current Report on Form 8-K,
the words “estimates,” “projected,” “expects,” “anticipates,” “forecasts,”
“plans,” “intends,” “believes,” “seeks,” “may,” “will,”
“should,” “future,” “propose” and variations of these words or similar expressions (or the
negative versions of such words or expressions) are intended to identify forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements
are not guarantees of future performance, conditions or results, and involve a number of known and unknown risks, uncertainties,
assumptions and other important factors, many of which are outside the Company's control, that could cause actual results or outcomes
to differ materially from those discussed in the forward-looking statements. Important factors, among others, that may affect actual
results or outcomes include: the inability of the Company to enter into a definitive agreement with respect to the proposed business
combination or to complete the contemplated transactions with the potential target company; matters discovered by the potential
target company or the Company as they complete their respective due diligence investigation of the other; the risk that the approval
of the stockholders of the Company for the potential transaction is not obtained; the inability to recognize the anticipated benefits
of the proposed business combination, which may be affected by, among other things, the amount of funds available in the Company’s
trust account following any redemptions by the Company stockholders; the ability to meet Nasdaq’s listing requirements following
the consummation of the transactions contemplated by the proposed business combination; costs related to the proposed business
combination; and those factors discussed in the Company’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31,
2019 under the heading “Risk Factors,” and other documents of the Company filed, or to be filed, with the SEC. The
Company does not undertake any obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information,
future events or otherwise, except as required by law.


    1
     
    



Participants in the Solicitation

 

The Company and its
directors and executive officers may be considered participants in the solicitation of proxies with respect to the Extension and
the potential transaction described herein under the rules of the SEC. Information about the directors and executive officers of
the Company and a description of their interests in the Company are set forth in the preliminary Extension Proxy Statement, which
was filed with the SEC on May 13, 2020, and will also be contained in the Transaction Proxy Statement when it is filed with the
SEC. These documents can be obtained free of charge from the sources indicated above.

 

Non-Solicitation

 

The disclosure herein
is not a proxy statement or solicitation of a proxy, consent or authorization with respect to any securities or in respect of the
potential transaction and shall not constitute an offer to sell or a solicitation of an offer to buy the securities of the Company,
nor shall there be any sale of any such securities in any state or jurisdiction in which such offer, solicitation, or sale would
be unlawful prior to registration or qualification under the securities laws of such state or jurisdiction. No offer of securities
shall be made except by means of a definitive document.

 

Item 9.01.       Financial
Statements and Exhibits.

 



    (d)
    Exhibits.

 



    Exhibit Number
     
    Description

    99.1
     
    Press Release, dated May 13, 2020.







    2
     
    

 

SIGNATURE

 

Pursuant to the requirements
of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned
hereunto duly authorized.

 



     
    FORUM MERGER II CORPORATION 
     

     
     
     
     

     
    By:
    /s/ David Boris
     

     
     
    Name: David Boris
     

     
     
    
        Title: Co-Chief Executive Officer and
        Chief Financial Officer
     

     
     
     
     

    Dated: May 13, 2020
     
     
     

 


    3
    










