
8-K
1
tm201313-1_8k.htm
FORM 8-K



     





 

 





UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549

 

 

 

FORM 8-K

 

AdaptHealth
Corp.

(Exact
name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

 

CURRENT REPORT

Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d)

of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934

 

Date of Report (Date of Earliest Event
Reported): January 1, 2020

 





    Delaware
     
    001-38399
     
    82-3677704

    (State or other jurisdiction of
 incorporation)
     
    (Commission File Number)
     
    (IRS Employer Identification No.)



 

220 West Germantown Pike, Suite 250

Plymouth Meeting, PA
(address of principal executive offices)

 

19462

(zip code)

 

(610) 630-6357

(Registrant’s telephone number, including area code)

 

 

 

(Former name or former address, if changed
since last report.)

 

Check the appropriate box below if the
Form 8-K is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:

 


¨Written communication pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 UR 230.425)

 


¨Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CPR 240.14a-12)

 


¨Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

 


¨Pre-commencements communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (§230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2
of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (§240.12b-2 of this chapter).

 

Emerging growth company x

 

If an emerging growth company, indicate
by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial
accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. ¨

 



    Title of each class
     
    Trading Symbol(s)
     
    Name of each exchange on which registered

    Class A Common Stock, par value $0.0001 per share
     
    AHCO
     
    The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC


 



 






     
     
    

 

Item 2.01 Completion of Acquisition or Disposition of Assets.

 

On January 1, 2020,
AdaptHealth LLC (“Buyer”), a Delaware limited liability company and wholly-owned indirect subsidiary of AdaptHealth
Corp., a Delaware corporation (the “Company”), completed its previously announced acquisition of NRE Holding Corporation,
a Delaware corporation (“NRE”) and subsidiary of McKesson Medical-Surgical, Inc., a Virginia corporation (“Seller”),
pursuant to the Securities Purchase Agreement, dated as of November 21, 2019 (the “Agreement”), by and among Buyer,
Seller, NRE and McKesson Patient Care Solutions, Inc., a Pennsylvania corporation and wholly-owned subsidiary of NRE (“PCS”).
On the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in the Agreement, at the closing of the Transaction (the “Closing”),
Buyer purchased from Seller all of the issued and outstanding equity interests of NRE (the “Transaction”).

 

Pursuant
to the Agreement, Buyer paid an amount in cash equal to $14 million minus certain adjustments for cash, indebtedness, transaction
expenses and net working capital (as compared to an agreed target net working capital amount) to Seller at the Closing.  In addition, Buyer may be required to make an additional payment of $1,500,000
to Seller following the Closing pursuant to the terms and conditions of a Transition Services Agreement entered into in connection
with the Closing. The total
amount of Buyer’s investment in NRE, including restructuring costs relating to the integration of NRE’s business into the Company’s
platform, is expected to be approximately $30 million.



 



Item 7.01 Regulation FD Disclosure.

 

On January 3, 2020,
the Company issued a press release announcing the consummation of the Transaction, a copy of which is furnished as Exhibit 99.1 hereto and incorporated herein by reference. Such exhibit and the information set
forth therein shall not be deemed to be filed for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the
 “Exchange Act”), or otherwise be subject to the liabilities of that section, nor shall it be deemed to be incorporated
by reference in any filing under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the “Securities Act”), or the Exchange Act.

 

Forward-looking Statements

 

Certain statements
in this Current Report on Form 8-K may constitute “forward-looking statements” for purposes of the federal securities
laws. Our forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to, statements regarding our or our management team’s expectations,
hopes, beliefs, intentions or strategies regarding the future. In addition, any statements that refer to projections, forecasts
or other characterizations of future events or circumstances, including any underlying assumptions, are forward-looking statements.
The words “anticipate,” “believe,” “continue,” “could,” “estimate,”
 “expect,” “intends,” “may,” “might,” “plan,” “possible,”
 “potential,” “predict,” “project,” “should,” “would” and similar expressions
may identify forward-looking statements, but the absence of these words does not mean that a statement is not forward-looking.

 

These forward-looking
statements are based on information available as of the date of this Current Report on Form 8-K, and current expectations, forecasts
and assumptions, and involve a number of judgments, risks and uncertainties. Accordingly, forward-looking statements should not
be relied upon as representing our views as of any subsequent date, and we do not undertake any obligation to update forward-looking
statements to reflect events or circumstances after the date they were made, whether as a result of new information, future events
or otherwise, except as may be required under applicable securities laws.

 

As a result of a number
of known and unknown risks and uncertainties, our actual results or performance may be materially different from those expressed
or implied by these forward-looking statements. A further description of such risks and uncertainties can be found in the Company’s
filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission, including the Company’s definitive proxy statement in connection with
the solicitation of proxies from its stockholders filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on October 23, 2019.

 




    - 2 -
     
    

 

Item 9.01. Financial Statements and Exhibits.

 

(a) Financial Statements of Businesses Acquired.

 

The financial statements
required by this item with respect to the Transaction will be filed as soon as practicable, and in any event not later than 71
days after the date on which this Current Report on Form 8-K is required to be filed pursuant to Item 2.01.

 

(b) Pro Forma Financial Information.

 

The pro forma financial
information required by this item with respect to the Transaction will be filed as soon as practicable, and in any event not later
than 71 days after the date on which this Current Report on Form 8-K is required to be filed pursuant to Item 2.01.

 

(d)       Exhibits

 



    99.1
    Press Release, dated January 3, 2020


 




    - 3 -
     
    

 

SIGNATURES

 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto
duly authorized.

 

    AdaptHealth Corp.
     

     
     

    By: 
    /s/ Gregg Holst
     

     
    Gregg Holst
     

     
    Chief Financial Officer
     

     
     

    Dated: January 7, 2020
     

 




    - 4 -
    

 

 








