
8-K12B/A
1
tv516340_8k12ba.htm
8-K12B/A



     





 

 

 

UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington, D.C. 20549

 

FORM 8-K/A

 

(Amendment No. 1)

CURRENT REPORT

 

PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE

SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

 

Date of Report (Date of earliest event
reported): February 19, 2019

 

GTY TECHNOLOGY HOLDINGS INC.

(Exact name of registrant as specified in
its charter)

 



    Massachusetts
    001-37931
    83-2860149

    (State or other jurisdiction
    (Commission
    (IRS Employer

    of incorporation)
    File Number)
    Identification No.)

 

1180 North Town Center Drive, Suite 100

Las Vegas, Nevada 89144

(Address of principal executive offices,
including zip code)

 

Registrant’s telephone number, including
area code: (702) 945-2898

 

Not Applicable

(Former name or former address, if changed
since last report)

 

Check the appropriate box below if the Form
8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:

 



    ¨
    Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

    ¨
    Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

    ¨
    Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

    ¨
    Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging
growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (§230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934 (§240.12b-2 of this chapter).

 

Emerging
growth company þ

 

If
an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for
complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. ¨

 

 

 





     
     
    

 



Introductory Note

 

On February 19, 2019 (the “Closing
Date”), GTY Technology Holdings Inc. (f/k/a GTY Govtech, Inc.), a Massachusetts corporation (the “Company,” “we,”
“us” and “our”), consummated the previously announced business combination (the “Business Combination”),
pursuant to which it (i) acquired each of Bonfire Interactive Ltd. (“Bonfire”), CityBase, Inc. (“CityBase”),
eCivis Inc. (“eCivis”), Open Counter Enterprises Inc. (“Open Counter”), Questica Inc. and Questica USCDN
Inc. (together, “Questica”), and Sherpa Government Solutions LLC (“Sherpa”) and (ii) became the parent
company of its predecessor, GTY Technology Holdings Inc., a blank check company incorporated in the Cayman Islands (“GTY
Cayman”).  In connection with the closing of the Business Combination, the Company changed its name from GTY Govtech,
Inc. to GTY Technology Holdings Inc. and became a successor issuer to GTY Cayman by operation of Rule 12g-3(a) promulgated
under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended.

 

This Amendment No. 1 on Form 8-K12B/A (this “Amendment”) to the Current Report on Form 8-K of the Company, originally
filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the “SEC”) on February 25, 2019 (the “Original Form 8-K”),
is being filed solely to amend and restate in their entirety Items 2.01 and 9.01 in the Original Form 8-K.  Because the Business
Combination was consummated after the end of the fiscal year ended December 31, 2018, in accordance with guidance set forth in
the Financial Reporting Manual of the SEC’s Division of Corporation Finance, this Amendment provides information relating
to Bonfire, CityBase, eCivis, Open Counter, Questica and Sherpa for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2018.  This Amendment
does not amend, modify or update in any way any other information provided in the Original Form 8-K.  References to “this
Current Report on Form 8-K” are to the Original Form 8-K, as amended by this Amendment.





 

Item 2.01 Completion of Acquisition
or Disposition of Assets.

 

The disclosure set
forth in the “Introductory Note” above and in Item 2.01 “Completion of Acquisition or Disposition of Assets”
in the Original Form 8-K is incorporated into this Item 2.01 by reference.

 

CAUTIONARY NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING
STATEMENTS

 

The Company makes and
incorporates by reference forward-looking statements in this Current Report on Form 8-K. These forward-looking statements relate
to expectations for future financial performance, business strategies or expectations for the Company’s business. Specifically,
forward-looking statements may include statements relating to:

 




·the
benefits of the Business Combination;

 


·the
future financial performance of the post-combination company;

 


·expansion
plans and opportunities; and

 


·other
statements preceded by, followed by or that include the words “may,” “can,” “should,” “will,”
“estimate,” “plan,” “project,” “forecast,” “intend,” “expect,”
“anticipate,” “believe,” “seek,” “target” or similar expressions.







 

These forward-looking
statements are based on information available as of the date of this Current Report on Form 8-K and the Company’s management’s
current expectations, forecasts and assumptions, and involve a number of judgments, risks and uncertainties. Accordingly, forward-looking
statements should not be relied upon as representing the Company’s views as of any subsequent date. The Company does not
undertake any obligation to update forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances after the date they were made,
whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, except as may be required under applicable securities laws.

 

As a result of a number
of known and unknown risks and uncertainties, the Company’s actual results or performance may be materially different from
those expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements. Some factors that could cause actual results to differ include:

 


·the inability to maintain the listing of the Company
common stock and warrants on the Nasdaq Stock Market (“Nasdaq”);

 



    1
     
    

 



     
    ·
    
        the risk that the Business Combination
        disrupts current plans and operations as a result of the announcement and consummation of the transactions described herein;
         

     
    ·
    
        the ability to recognize the anticipated
        benefits of the Business Combination, which may be affected by, among other things, competition and the ability of the combined
        business to grow and manage growth profitably;
         

     
    ·
    
        changes in applicable laws or regulations;
         

     
    ·
    
        the possibility that the Company may be
        adversely affected by other economic, business, and/or competitive factors;
         

     
    ·
    
        the outcome of the New York and California
        lawsuits among the GTY Cayman, OpenGov, Inc. and the other parties thereto, as well as any other legal proceedings that may be
        instituted against the combined company in connection with the Business Combination; and
         

     
    ·
    other risks
    and uncertainties indicated or incorporated by reference in this Current Report on Form 8-K, including those set forth
    in Item 1A “Risk Factors” in the Company’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2018, which is incorporated
herein by reference and is included in Exhibit 99.8 to this Current Report on Form 8-K.

 



    2
     
    

 

Business

 

Bonfire Business Overview

 

Bonfire Interactive
Ltd., a corporation incorporated under the laws of the Province of Ontario, Canada, or Bonfire, was founded in 2012 and is a major
provider of software technologies for the procurement and vendor or supplier sourcing industry across government, the broader public
sector, and various highly-regulated commercial vertical markets.

 

Bonfire offers clients
and their sourcing professionals a modern software as a service (SaaS) application that helps find, engage, evaluate, negotiate
with, and award contracts to suppliers. Bonfire delivers effective workflow automation, data collection and analysis, and collaboration
to drive cost savings, compliance, and strategic outcomes. All of Bonfire’s applications are delivered as a SaaS offering,
and Bonfire does not market or sell professional services.

 

Market Overview

 

The North American public
sector represents a significant market for procurement technology. Various levels of government and public sector agencies award
$1 billion in contracts every hour of every business day. Despite this magnitude, however, most of these spending decisions are
made via paper, off-the-shelf spreadsheet technologies, and legacy internet-based sourcing portals. An estimated 85% of public
agencies make sourcing decisions primarily via off-the-shelf, generally available, and non-specialized spreadsheet technologies.

 

In total, the North
American public sector market includes over 99,000 cities, counties, towns, and other local government special agencies, and over
17,000 public institutions in academia, public healthcare, transit, utilities, and general state and federal agencies. Despite
differences in revenue sources, service delivery, and organizational mandates, each government body or entity shapes its sourcing
practices in similar ways in response to state and federal procurement legislation and the emergence of various best practices.

 

Each public body faces
a similar challenge: how to procure the best good/service, for the best cost, within often rigid compliance and policy directives
from elected bodies or other regulation. This compliance- and policy-driven environment makes public sector procurement a significantly
more complex and sensitive process than in the private sector. Public sector procurement teams are typically stewards of tax-payer
resources, and are subjected to high sourcing scrutiny and ethics requirements. Such entities must balance competing interests
like cost-savings, compliance, and quality to achieve uniquely positive outcomes.

 

Public sector procurement
groups are more regularly transitioning tools from offline workflows to online SaaS-enabled platforms to fulfill this mandate.
Legacy internet-based portals and procurement suites often fail to respect the complexities of making procurement decisions in
a public sector context. Many are mere systems of record and rudimentary interface points for buyers and suppliers. Many more fail
to help procurement teams with the key functionalities of managing and analyzing supplier data for optimal sourcing decisions.

 

Bonfire uniquely captures
the complexity and depth of public sector sourcing workflows; the software allows procurement teams to collect highly granular
supplier data, analyze and evaluate it across discrete criteria, and ultimately make the best possible decision as a balance of
compliance, cost-savings, and quality/fit.

 

Products and Services

 

Bonfire provides a comprehensive
and flexible suite of products that addresses the procurement needs of predominantly public sector clients across academia, public
healthcare, local and state government, transit, utilities, and various other state and federal agencies. Bonfire derives all of
its revenues from subscription-based SaaS revenues.

 

A description of Bonfire’s suites
of products and services follows:

 



    eRFx & eTendering
    ​
    
        • Control for requests
for proposals, or RFPs or RFx, and bids, streamlining the entire sourcing workflow from posting to award
         
        ​• Vendor-friendly online portal to post
opportunities and receive structured submissions
         
        ​• Evaluation tools that give deep insights
into suppliers’ relative strengths/weaknesses, pricing, and other areas
         
        ​• Real-time overview of projects and key
performance indicators, or KPIs
    

 



    3
     
    

 





    Contracts
    ​
    
        • Contract information in one centralized, searchable,
        online platform
         
        ​• Heat-mapped calendar view, reminders
and KPIs
         
        ​• Easy creation of contracts from completed
projects
         
        
    

    Vendor Performance
    ​
    
        • Visibility into vendor performance
         
        ​• Configure custom surveys for end users
and set a cadence to automatically send
         
        ​• Real-time insights to address issues
immediately
    

 

Strategy

 

Bonfire’s objective
is to grow its revenue and earnings organically, supplemented by focused strategic acquisitions. The key components of its business
strategy are to:

 


•Provide high quality, value-added products to its clients.   Central to Bonfire’s
success so far has been the customer satisfaction and trust, as evidenced by a 92% client retention rate across clients added from
January 2016 to December 2018 and net Annually Recurring Revenue, or ARR, churn of -14% for those same clients (i.e. Net Negative
Churn). Bonfire expects that it will continue to invest heavily in client success.

 


•Continue to expand its product offerings.   Bonfire intends to continue to
build innovative new products for its clients. These include products that leverage the data stored in clients’ networks
to help clients achieve better sourcing outcomes through predictive analytics, machine learning, blockchain, intra-agency collaboration,
and other next-generation technologies.

 


•Expand its client base.   Continued client growth is key for Bonfire’s
strategy. Bonfire plans to continue building out its direct client acquisition strategy while adding strategic channel relationships
to aid.

 


•Expand its existing client relationships.   On average, Bonfire’s clients
feature negative net churn of at least 14% in Year 1, and higher rates in subsequent years, indicating that they expand usage and
functionality acquisition of Bonfire’s product over time. Bonfire intends to continue this strategy of increasing value and
share-of-wallet of its clients.

 


•Attract and retain highly qualified employees.   Bonfire’s business
is dependent on attracting and retaining excellent managers and employees for product development, go-to-market, administrative,
and support activities. Bonfire believes that its mission, scale of the opportunity, and unique culture will allow it to continue
recruiting excellent staff.

 


•Pursue selected strategic acquisitions.   Where appropriate, Bonfire plans
to make strategic acquisitions of legacy portal providers as a way of quickening the adoption of Bonfire. This will allow Bonfire
to grow revenues more rapidly than with a purely organic strategy, and to grow its supplier network and corresponding data.

 



    4
     
    

 

Sales, Marketing, And Clients

 

Bonfire markets its
products and services through direct, in-house sales and marketing personnel located primarily in Canada and the United States.

 

Sales of new systems
are typically generated from outbound marketing and sales campaigns, tradeshows and conferences, word-of-mouth and referrals, and
thought-leadership campaigns.

 

Competition

 

Bonfire competes with
numerous local, regional, and national firms that provide or offer some or many of the same solutions that it provides. Many of
these competitors are smaller companies that may be able to offer less expensive solutions than Bonfire’s. Many of these
firms operate within a specific geographic area and/or in a narrow product or service niche. Bonfire also competes with national
firms, some of which have greater financial and technical resources than Bonfire does, including SAP Ariba. Bonfire also occasionally
competes with central internal information service departments of local governments, which requires it to persuade the end-user
department to discontinue service by its own personnel and outsource the service to Bonfire.

 

Bonfire competes on
a variety of factors, including price, service, name recognition, reputation, technological capabilities, and the ability to modify
existing products and services to accommodate the individual requirements of the client. Bonfire’s ability to offer an integrated
system of applications for several offices or departments is often a competitive advantage. Local governmental units often are
required to seek competitive proposals through a request for proposal process and some prospective clients use consultants to assist
them with the proposal and vendor selection process.

 

Suppliers

 

Substantially all of
the computers, peripherals, printers, scanners, operating system software, office automation software, and other equipment necessary
for the implementation and provision of Bonfire’s software systems and services are presently available from several third-party
sources. Hardware is purchased on original equipment manufacturer or distributor terms at discounts from retail. Bonfire has not
experienced any significant supply problems.

 

Intellectual Property, Proprietary Rights and Licenses

 

Bonfire regards certain
features of its internal operations, software, and documentation as confidential and proprietary and relies on a combination of
contractual restrictions, trade secret laws and other measures to protect its proprietary intellectual property. Bonfire currently
does not rely on patents. Bonfire believes that, due to the rapid rate of technological change in the computer software industry,
trade secrets and copyright protection are less significant than factors such as knowledge, ability and experience of its employees,
frequent product enhancements, and timeliness and quality of support services. Bonfire typically licenses its software products
under non-exclusive license agreements, which are generally non-transferable and have a perpetual term.

 

Employees

 

At December 31, 2018,
Bonfire had 88 full-time employees. None of its employees are represented by a labor union or are subject to collective bargaining
agreements. Bonfire considers its relations with its employees to be positive.

 

Properties

 

Bonfire leases and
occupies approximately 21,000 square feet of office space in Ontario, Canada. Such lease expires on June 30, 2022.

 

Legal Proceedings

 

There are no legal proceedings
pending to which Bonfire is party or to which any of its properties are subject.

 



    5
     
    

 

CityBase Business Overview

 

CityBase provides dynamic
content, digital services, and integrated payments via a software-as-a-service (SaaS) platform that includes technological functionality
accessible via web and mobile, kiosk, point-of-sale, and other channels. CityBase software integrates its platform to underlying
systems of record, billing, and other source systems, and configures payments and digital services to meet the requirements of
its clients. Its clients include government agencies and utility companies. CityBase, LLC was formed in Delaware on June 9, 2014.
On July 21, 2016, CityBase, LLC was converted into a Delaware corporation, CityBase, Inc.

 

To complement and expand
CityBase’s technology and customer base, on August 17, 2017, CityBase acquired 100% of the equity interests of the Department
of Better Technology, Inc., a Delaware corporation, in exchange for shares of CityBase common stock.

 

Industry Background

 

Currently, the government
technology industry is composed of legacy technology vendors (which typically use significant customization for implementation),
consulting firms, in-house development, and manual processes that have never been digitized. CityBase anticipates that government
will follow the digital transformation of the private sector as constituents will expect such digitalization, and ultimately such
digitalization is expected to yield cost reductions and improved service to constituents. CityBase also expects a continued momentum
amongst government staff and leaders to modernize government services. This future is not defined, but facilitated by, technology
and will revolutionize the way that people experience government.

 

Product and Service Offerings

 

CityBase provides an
enterprise SaaS platform that facilitates government and utility interactions with customers. The key elements of its products
and services are digital services and payments.

 

Digital Services

 

CityBase’s digital
services make it easier for constituents to register, apply, search, and pay for government and utility services — and
easier for staff to administer these services. “Digital services” includes solutions that address the common interactions
that people have with the government or their utility provider, which are often paper-based today. CityBase digital services include
configurable digital forms and case management tools that replace manual processes or improve existing online processes for government
and utility customers. CityBase’s digital service tools help government and utility staff process constituent requests faster
and more effectively.

 

Payments

 

The CityBase platform
helps local governments and utilities accept, track, and manage payments from their constituents. CityBase facilitates payments
that provide a modern user experience, integrate seamlessly with its customers’ existing systems, and are consistent across
a large enterprise. The payment technology is available via channels, including web and mobile web, kiosk, and point-of-sale terminals.
Its revenue management solution allows clients to manage system-wide payment activity as well as reconcile to individual transactions
in one place.

 

Customers

 

CityBase’s clients
include local and county governments and investor or municipal utility companies. Four of CityBase’s customers accounted
for approximately 72%, of CityBase’s total revenues for the year ended December 31, 2018.

 

Competition

 

The market for enterprise
payment, data analytics, and communication platforms for local governments and utilities is competitive and evolving. CityBase
faces competition from several types of internal approaches and independent providers:

 

• Custom software solutions
developed by outside consultants or through internal efforts to provide partial- or full-suite offerings;

 



    6
     
    

 

• Software vendors that
have developed agency- or utility-specific systems for individual business cases, such as property tax payments, utility payments,
or freedom of information requests;

​ 

• Other SaaS solution providers; and

 

• Payment processing solution
vendors serving government and utilities.

 

Competitive factors in CityBase’s
market may include the following:

 

• Service

 

​• Price

 

​• Speed to implement

 

​• Citizen-centric design

 

​• Configurability and flexibility

 

• Back office function for payment
and banking reconciliation

 

CityBase believes that
it compares favorably on the basis of these factors. Some of CityBase’s current competitors have, and future competitors
may have, greater financial, technical, marketing and other resources, greater resources to devote to research and development,
a broader range of products and services, larger marketing budgets, more extensive customer bases and broader customer relationships,
and/or longer operating histories, greater name recognition and other resources.

 

Government Regulation

 

Government Contracting Requirements

 

As a contractor to various
government agencies, CityBase is subject to certain restrictions in how it operates. Such restrictions may exist at the individual
client level and may include regulations that govern the fees that CityBase collects for its services or the ability of the government
counterparty to terminate its contractual obligations.

 

Privacy and Data Security

 

In addition, as a facilitator
of credit card payments, CityBase is subject to privacy and data protection laws and payment card industry best practices. CityBase
is a Payment Card Industry (PCI) Level-1 compliant platform hosted in an Amazon Web Services (AWS) cloud environment. CityBase
takes a number of important measures to promote data privacy and data security, including adhering to the standards and requirements,
as defined by the Payment Card Industry Data Security Standard (PCI DSS), using tokenization, employing 24/7 fraud and tamper detection,
real-time alerting, end-to-end encryption technology, and regularly scheduled internal and external penetration scans.

 

Research and Development

 

CityBase invests substantial
resources in research and development to improve its platform and develop new products and features. CityBase’s research
and development organization is primarily responsible for the design, development, testing, and delivery of its products and platform.
As of December 31, 2018, CityBase had a total of 38 employees primarily engaged in research and development functions.

 

Intellectual Property

 

The success of CityBase
depends, in part, on its ability to protect its brands and technologies against infringement and misappropriation. CityBase relies
on a combination of contractual restrictions, confidentiality procedures, trade secret laws and other measures to protect its proprietary
intellectual property. CityBase does not currently own any patents or hold other intellectual property registrations to protect
its intellectual property.

 



    7
     
    

 

CityBase uses certain
intellectual property licensed from third parties, including software made available to the public under open source licenses.
If any proprietary software does not continue to be available on commercially reasonable terms, CityBase believes that alternative
software would be available, if necessary.

 

CityBase cannot be certain
that its products and services do not and will not infringe the intellectual property rights of others. To the extent claims against
CityBase are successful, it may have to pay substantial monetary damages or discontinue or modify certain products or services
that are found to infringe another party’s rights.

 

Employees

 

As of December 31, 2018,
CityBase had 74 total employees, which were all full-time. CityBase also utilizes independent contractors to support certain technical
and other functions, including implementation engineers, which assist on all phases of the web-based project lifecycle, from project
definition through implementation.

 

CityBase employees are
not covered by any collective bargaining agreement, and it has never experienced a work stoppage. CityBase believes that its relations
with its employees are good.

 

Facilities

 

CityBase’s corporate
headquarters is located in Chicago, Illinois, where it currently leases approximately 14,560 square feet under a lease agreement
set to expire in November 2021. In addition, CityBase subleases a Chicago, Illinois office to a non-related party under terms expiring
on December 31, 2020. CityBase also leases a warehouse space in Illinois and co-working spaces in San Francisco, California; Indianapolis,
Indiana; and Birmingham, Alabama. CityBase believes that its current facilities are adequate to meet its ongoing needs and that,
to accommodate growth, it may seek additional facilities as necessary.

 

Legal Proceedings

 

On June 8, 2018, Pay-Ease
filed a complaint against CityBase and another defendant, P-E Acquisition Holdings LLC, alleging, among other things, breach of
contract and unjust enrichment with respect to two licensing arrangements entered into by P-E Acquisition Holdings LLC and Plaintiff
in October 2013. The case, captioned Pay-Ease, LLC v. P-E Acquisition Holdings LLC and CityBase, Inc. was filed in the Circuit
Court of Cook County, Illinois. The complaint contends that P-E Acquisition Holdings LLC failed to comply with its contractual
obligations under the applicable agreements. No specific dollar amount for damages has been alleged, and Plaintiff has not sought
injunctive relief. The Court has not yet set any deadlines for discovery or trial in this matter. CityBase intends to vigorously
defend against the allegations set forth in the complaint, however, it makes no predictions, at this time, on the likelihood of
success of defeating Pay-Ease’s claims.

 

In addition, from time
to time, CityBase may be involved in litigation relating to claims arising out of its operations in the normal course of business.

 



    8
     
    

 

eCivis Business Overview

 

eCivis provides cloud-based
grants management and cost allocation software for state, local and tribal governments and other government entities. eCivis helps
thousands of public agencies maximize their grant revenues, track financial and program performance, prepare cost allocation plans
and budgets, and access free open data tools to make sense of federal data. eCivis’s solutions simplify grant pursuance,
proposal development, budgeting, program implementation, performance, reporting, compliance and management of subrecipients in
one single centralized enterprise system. eCivis was founded in Pasadena, California in 2000 with the help of local government
leaders at the International City/County Management Association (ICMA). Since its establishment, eCivis has carried out over 150
enterprise government implementations and subscribed to by over 3,600 state and local government agencies. Federal grant funding
in the most recent fiscal year 2018 accounted for more than $700 billion and represents approximately 18% of the US budget.

 

Industry Background

 

eCivis has identified
a major inefficiency in the flow of government funding between state and federal government and businesses, individuals and various
local government entities. The grant funding process is inefficient, with the majority of local governments lacking essential human
and technical resources to pursue and manage the grant process. Instead, staff members without formal training often attempt to
fit grants management into their already heavy workload, without access to standardized forms, tools or processes, resulting in
inefficient strategy and lost opportunities for funding. Data and information is rarely standardized and is entered into common
back office tools such as spreadsheets and outdated grant management systems without comprehensive tracking and integration functions.
Furthermore, currently-existing fund management systems are unable to monitor the proper use of funds, leading to significant mismanagement
and even risk of loss and misappropriation of funds. Competitive grants are time sensitive and require immediate attention whereas
procurement and internal sources take time to be approved. eCivis provides products and services that can be deployed quickly and
with little technical support to address the time sensitive nature of these grant funds.

 

eCivis’s Products and Services

 

The eCivis solution
consists of four core cloud-based products including grants research, grants management, sub-recipient management, and cost allocation
and recovery. To assist its customers in the implementation of its cloud-based products, eCivis also offers one-time implementation
services including data integration, grants migration and change management. Additionally, eCivis provides ongoing grants management
training and cost allocation plan consulting.

 

Grants Acquisition Solution — eCivis
Grants Network

 

The eCivis Grants
Network provides clients with the ability to manage the entire planning and grant pursuance process by integrating each step from
project creation to grant award, so that stakeholders can eliminate unnecessary steps and systems required to secure the right
funding for their projects. Users can use eCivis’s platform to determine grant award eligibility and financial requirements,
create and track projects requiring funding, track goals and objectives for funding, and assign various metrics to review and track
organizational performance. The platform provides clients with the ability to search over 16,000 federal, state and foundation
grants, all identified, analyzed and summarized by eCivis’s full-time professional research staff. Such grants can be searched
with an easy to use advanced multi-factor search engine and reviewed via organized standard tabs to effectively identify the most
relevant grants. Users can review application files and e-mail grants to internal and external recipients, as well as save and/or
assign grants to internal projects. Built-in compliance tools help determine and confirm whether internal proposals and costs align
with applicable federal and non-federal guidelines.

 

Grants Management Software Solution

 

The eCivis Grants Management
Software Solution allows users to manage the entire grant process, from sourcing grant application to closeout. Some of the key
features of the Grants Management Software Solution include the ability to: organize projects and grants by organizational departments,
review an enterprise-wide view of all grant activities, and access advanced workflows and robust management reporting systems.
Users can build and save template reports for internal and external reporting, setup required tasks at various post-award stages,
integrate project tasks with e-mail calendars, manage the communication and approval of budget amendments, and access a myriad
of other features and functions. Users are also able to organize and connect financial data to and from ERP/GL against grant budgets
using data integration functions — over twenty-six data integrations with government ERP/GL are provided to
serve this function. Additionally, eCivis also maps compliance requirements into standard available actions across the entire grant
lifecycle, and provides a library of resource that can be accessed at any time to understand 2 CFR 200 guidelines.

 



    9
     
    

 

Subrecipient Management Solution

 

eCivis’s subrecipient
management solution allows funders, applicants and subrecipients to interact with each other in a modern and scalable platform
to reduce risk, improve information sharing, and increase and organizational performance and efficiency. Some of the key features
of this platform include the ability to create and track grant solicitation, score and record decisions on applicants, check DUNS
and EIN data, track application history, track and share performance metrics for grant goals and/or objectives, allocate and track
multiple funding sources, track all pre-award grant activity by department, project, CFDA, etc., as well as a wide range of other
features.

 

Cost Allocation Software

 

eCivis’s cost
allocation software tracks and compares expenditures and allocation basis by fiscal years, and provides a concise methodology for
budgeting and program delivery planning. The platform allows users to: maximize efficiency by minimizing time spent entering and
reviewing data and producing cost and plans reports, maximize grant and program funding through full and complete cost recovery
and allocation, provide a clear and concise methodology to assist in developing budgets and planning program delivery, and determine
full, defensible, indirect costs to include in ICRPs, hour rates, user fees, and SB90 claims.

 

Consulting and Training

 

eCivis’s team
of experienced consultants and support staff provide training to improve planning, acquisition and effective management of federal
and non-federal grants. Further, eCivis’s strategic grant development and grant writing service helps stakeholders develop
a comprehensive solution leading to sustainable grant success by helping clients, among other things: (i) thoroughly understand
key initiatives and internal projects eligible for grant funding, (ii) research grants that align to internal initiatives and organizational
priorities to fill existing gaps, (iii) access organizational capacity to apply for grants successfully, (iv) align internal procurement
processes and resources to pursue grant opportunities in a more efficient and effective way, and (v) draft grant proposals and
provide strategic advice and consulting services to shape priorities per grant funding notices. Finally, the platform also offers
a wide array of expert guides and other resources to its users.

 

Revenues, Sales and Marketing

 

eCivis derives its revenues
primarily from subscription services and professional services. No single contract or customer represents a disproportionate percentage
of revenue. eCivis’s subscription services revenue primarily consists of fees that provide customers access to either its
grant management or cost allocation cloud applications. Such subscriptions are typically one to three years in length, and are
priced based on a number of factors, including the number of users having access to the products and the number of products purchased
by the customer. eCivis’s professional services revenues primarily consist of fees for data integration with the customer’s
systems and the eCivis grant management application, migration of grants, training, and grant writing services.

 

eCivis focuses its sales
and marketing efforts towards local, state and tribal governments and sells its solution to this market primarily through its direct
sales force. The length of its sales cycle depends on the size of the potential customer and contract, as well as the type of solution
or product being purchased. The sales cycle of its state government customer is generally longer than that of its local government
customers. As eCivis continues to focus on increasing its average contract size and selling more advanced products, it expects
its sales cycle to lengthen and become less predictable, which could cause variability in results for a particular period. Additionally,
the nature, complexity and extent of its implementations will also increase, which may increase eCivis’s professional services
revenues as a percentage of its overall revenues.

 

Research and Development

 

eCivis has spent approximately
$1.3 million and $1.1 million during the years ended December 31, 2018 and 2017, respectively on research and development activities.

 



    10
     
    

 

Employees

 

As of December 31, 2018,
eCivis had 48 full-time employees. eCivis also employs independent contractors to support grant services, web development, research
publishing and editing, fit-gap analysis, change management, implementation services and marketing. eCivis’s employees are
not covered by any collective bargaining agreement and eCivis has never experienced a work stoppage. eCivis believes that its relations
with its employees are good, and its turnover has been very low (less than 10% percent in 2018), with the average employment tenure
with existing employees at 3.7 years. Furthermore, eCivis has two leading experts in the fields of grant management and cost
allocation services in management positions.

 

Facilities

 

eCivis’s headquarters
are located in a multi-tenant office building at 418 N. Fair Oaks Ave., Ste. 301, Pasadena, CA 91103, where eCivis leases approximately
10,030 rentable square feet. eCivis’s lease for such space commenced on November 6, 2013 and expires on May 31, 2022. On
June 1, 2017, eCivis subleased 2,500 rentable square feet to a subtenant, which sublease expires on May 31, 2022. eCivis does not
own any facilities as of the date of this filing. eCivis believes that substantially all of its property and equipment is in good
condition and its buildings and improvements have sufficient capacity to meet current needs.

 

Intellectual Property

 

eCivis does not own
any patents. eCivis owns the registered trademarks: “ECIVIS”, “GRANTS NETWORK”, “NONPROFIT ONE-STOP”
and “COSTTREE”.

 

Government Regulation

 

There are no current
government regulations that negatively impact eCivis’s business or ability to compete in its markets.

 

Legal Proceedings

 

There is no material
litigation, arbitration or governmental proceeding currently pending against eCivis or any members of its management team in their
capacity as such.

 



    11
     
    

 

Open Counter Business Overview

 

Open Counter builds
software to streamline municipal permitting and licensing through four products: the Business Portal, Residential Portal, Special
Events Portal, and Zoning Portal. These products help applicants understand the scope of their permitting projects, and apply and
pay for the necessary permits online. The portals also allow city administrators to process incoming applications and respond to
applicant inquiries online. By automating these processes, the software reduces the need for in-person meetings, and allows city
staff to focus on higher-value assignments.

 

Open Counter’s Products and Services

 

Open Counter offers
four products: Business Portal, Residential Portal, Special Events Portal, and Zoning Portal.

 


•The Business Portal helps entrepreneurs understand the costs and complexity of
establishing or growing a business in a particular city. The Open Counter Business Portal educates potential applicants about necessary
business permits, and provides estimates about the associated time and costs associated with a particular project. Once applicants
are ready to proceed with a project, they can use the Business Portal to apply online for necessary permits.

 


•The Residential Portal educates homeowners about the rules and regulations regarding
residential additions, alterations, and new construction to help plan projects and remain in compliance with City code enforcement.

 


•The Special Events Portal helps applicants understand the process involved in
hosting a special event in a public space by handling site selection, cost estimation, event scheduling, and online applications.
The Special Events Portal provides a high-level overview tool to educate users about which types of events are allowed, where events
may be located, which permits are required, and cost estimates.

 


•The Zoning Portal renders complex land use regulations in a user’s web browser
to make zoning regulations responsive to citizen inquiries. Specifically, the Zoning Portal helps applicants navigate the site
selection process by showing where a particular project may be permitted. The Portal analyzes and imports the logical structure
of the municipal code, and factors secondary issues, such as whether a restaurant may serve alcohol, or have live entertainment,
in order to provide tailored guidance about a specific project.

 

As part of the deployment
of these products, Open Counter also offers configuration services to set up and maintain the Portals on behalf of our municipal
customers.

 

Competition

 

There are a number of
companies that offer permitting and licensing software to municipal governments. These include Accela, Infor, and Tyler, among
others. These companies built their software with an emphasis on the requirements of city staff users, with a lesser emphasis on
the applicant experience.

 

By focusing on the applicant
experience, Open Counter found a unique niche in the market: permit discovery. While the competition allows applicants to submit
permit and license applications online, their software typically assumes that the applicant knows which permits and licenses are
required, and the costs of those permits and licenses. In contrast, our software guides the applicant through the permit discovery
process by calculating the impact of applicable zoning regulations on the choice of location and planned use, the permits required
for the project, and the necessary permit fees. Our software also alerts applicants about the professional licensure requirements
for specific permits, such as whether a licensed contractor, electrician or plumber is needed on their project team. By automating
these determinations, we have addressed an in-person step referred to as a “pre-application meeting,” which is a time-consuming
step for both applicants and city staff.

 

Because Open Counter
is offered as a SaaS solution, our annual pricing is significantly lower than the legacy systems, which have traditionally offered
on-premises software under perpetual license agreements.

 

The uniqueness of our
solution, and price-point of our offering, have allowed us to avoid competitive solicitations in 93% of our projects, and to win
RFPs with cities like Boston, Detroit, and Charlotte, when they have been required.

 



    12
     
    

 

Some of our competition
provides permit discovery products that explain the permitting process in general terms. While helpful, these materials do not
provide information tailored to specific projects. For example, a restaurant with outdoor seating, live entertainment, and alcohol
service will require a different set of permits (with higher costs), than one without those options. Many cities offer PDF documents
with this kind of information. For example, San Francisco and Los Angeles offer detailed “Business Portals,” but they
are still based on static content.

 

By focusing on permit
discovery, Open Counter has remained agnostic to the back-end systems used by cities. This means that we can launch Open Counter
products in cities using Accela, Infor, or Tyler, and other competitors, without coming into direct competition with offerings
from those companies.

 

Research and Development

 

In fiscal year 2018,
Open Counter spent approximately $410,000 on research and development, and spent approximately $437,000 on research and development
for fiscal year 2017. None of such costs are borne by customers.

 

Organization

 

As of December 31, 2018,
Open Counter had 8 full-time employees, no part-time employees, and 2 independent contractors. None of Open Counter’s employees
are represented by a labor union with respect to their employment with Open Counter. Open Counter’s headquarter is located
at 25 Taylor Street, San Francisco, California.

 

Facilities

 

Open Counter is not
party to any lease agreements. Open Counter uses office space through an agreement with WeWork at the WeWork Golden Gate location,
25 Taylor Street, San Francisco, California. Open Counter employees work remotely out of their homes or at co-working facilities.
Open Counter does not own any facilities as of the date of this filing.

 

Intellectual Property

 

Open Counter owns a
trademark on the Open Counter name. The company does not hold any patents.

 

Government Regulation

 

There are no current
government regulations that negatively impact Open Counter’s business or Open Counter’s ability to compete in the markets
it pursues.

 

Legal Proceedings

 

There is no material
litigation, arbitration or governmental proceeding currently pending against Open Counter or any members of its management team
in their capacity as such.

 



    13
     
    

 

Questica Business Overview

 

Questica offers budgeting
software, performance management, and transparency and data visualization solutions throughout North America. Questica was founded
by TJ Parass in Ontario, Canada in 1998. Questica uses its 20 years of experience to provide public sector organizations with access
to a complete budgeting, performance, transparency and citizen engagement toolkit to better enable data-driven budgeting and decision-making,
while increasing data accuracy, saving time and improving stakeholder trust. Questica’s solutions are sold to approximately
675 customers, which include state and local governments and public sector organizations such as healthcare, education and not-for-profit
organizations across 46 states in the United States and 9 provinces and territories in Canada. Questica boasts a Net Promoter Score,
or NPS, of 67, which is considered to be excellent, and showcases the loyalty of Questica’s customer relationships, which
have been retained at a rate in excess of 95% as of December 31, 2018. Approximately $70 billion in annual budgets are run through
Questica’s products per year as of December 31, 2018, with budgets ranging from $5 million to over $4 billion.

 

Questica’s Products and Services

 

Questica has four primary
products: (i) Budget; (ii) Performance; (iii) OpenBook; and (iv) BudgetBook powered
by CaseWare.

 

Budget

 

Questica’s Budget is
a web-based, multi-user budgeting preparation and management solution that provides all budgeting software requirements in one
easy-to-access place. Budget is a comprehensive, streamlined budgeting software product that enables users to
improve and shorten an organization’s budgeting cycle by ensuring an accurate and collaborative multi-user budgeting process.
It provides multi-year capital budgeting, identifies expenditures and funding sources, provides salary and position planning and
performance management modules, allows the generation of new financial statements, enables advanced analytics and provides an integrated
dashboard that shows all critical data and other relevant information together in an interactive interface. Budget directly
and seamlessly integrates with Questica’s other products, which are described below, as well as the Balancing Act budget
simulator created by Engaged Public, a Colorado-based public policy consulting firm which has partnered with Questica since August
2018.

 

Performance

 

Questica’s Performance is
a management performance measurement tool which permits users to obtain a complete view of performance across an organization. Performance,
which can integrate with Budget, leverages financial and statistical data from an unlimited number of budget and non-budget
key performance indicators to effectively measure performance by tracking an organization’s progress and achieving set goals. Performance can
incorporate data from a variety of other sources such as enterprise resource planning (“ERP”) systems.

 

OpenBook

 

Questica’s OpenBook is
a data visualization software that enables the presentation of financial and non-financial data with descriptive text, informational
pop-ups, charts and graphs and includes fast information search functionality. OpenBook, which can integrate with Budget,
can display on a map capital infrastructure projects, including the budget, actual spend, funding sources and accompanying documentation,
images, video and other multimedia. By facilitating the sharing and communication of financials and other data, OpenBook is
used by organizations to communicate strategic plans, fundraising and community initiatives, disclose to citizens how tax dollars
are spent, and engage with stakeholders regarding plans, projects and issues. Organizations can also link related activities to
showcase the depth and scope of capital projects that are happening in a city, region, state, province or country.

 

Budget Book powered by CaseWare

 

Questica’s Budget
Book powered by CaseWare is a user-friendly and comprehensive document management and financial reporting tool that allows
government agencies to create, collaborate, edit, approve and publish annual budget books. Budget Book integrates
with Budget and provides access to Questica’s partnership with CaseWare, a government financial reporting
database product. The budget book standards for the Government Financial Officers Association’s annual Distinguished Budget
Presentation Award were used to develop the standard budget book preparation model for Budget Book’s interface,
permitting small and mid-sized agencies to prepare professional and compliant budget books that might be otherwise too time and
resource intensive to produce.

 



    14
     
    

 

Competition

 

The competitive landscape
for budgeting software, performance management, and transparency and data visualization solutions varies depending on the type
of solution, the size of the organizations to be served and the geographical locations in which such organizations operate, but
in most cases the solutions with which Questica competes are ERP solutions, Microsoft’s Excel and home-grown solutions designed
by the organizations themselves.

 

Questica believes the
principal competitive factors in its markets include:

 


•Cost

 


•Technology

 


•User Interface

 


•Customer Service

 


•Integration

 


•Public Sector Focus and Expertise

 


•Product Breadth

 


•Implementation Track Record

 

Questica believes that
Questica competes favorably based on these factors.

 

While there are a number
of competitors seeking to provide such solutions, the primary competitors include Oracle’s Hyperion Planning, Sherpa, OpenGov,
Public Sector Digest Software, MyBudgetFile, Allovue Balance, Adaptive Insights, Kaufman Hall and Centage’s Budget Maestro,
which each compete to differing degrees across the spectrum of organizations, geographical locations and vertical markets in which
Questica operates. Questica has emerged as a market leader or strong market participant for each type of solution that it provides
among these primary competitors.

 

Questica has historically
won a majority of its requests for proposals when it is able to provide a live demonstration of its products to an organization.
Questica has focused its competition on establishing relationships with potential customers as early in the process as possible
through cold calling, email campaigns, trade show attendance and sponsorships, web marketing, partner referrals and Questica-sponsored
regional events. Questica leverages existing customer references, Questica’s 100% success rate on project implementations
and its broad knowledge and understanding of the public sector and the unique budgeting challenges these customers face to compete
with its primary competitors. Questica additionally differentiates itself by solely focusing its product development on the public
sector and does not sell or market its products into any other types of customers.

 

Questica has a sales
organization that sells its products, sometimes working with referral partners who sell complimentary solutions. In addition, Questica
utilizes distribution relationships with partners who sell, implement and provides basic support services to customers and has
a number of referral arrangements with partners who introduce Questica’s products to their customers and receive a referral
fee for Questica contracts.

 

Questica has approximately
675 customers using its solutions and is not dependent on any one customer, with its single largest contract representing approximately
2.5% of Questica’s total annual recurring revenues as of December 31, 2018 and its top ten customers representing approximately
11% of Questica’s total annual recurring revenues as of December 31, 2018.

 



    15
     
    

 

Research and Development

 

Questica regularly introduces
new product offerings, including BudgetBook powered by CaseWare, which was introduced in late 2017. As of the date
of this filing, Questica spent approximately $1.3 million on research and development in fiscal year 2018, and spent approximately
$1 million on research and development for fiscal year 2017. Very little of such costs are borne by customers. Questica has a small
group of developers who work with its professional services and implementation team. The cost of these development resources is
not included in the annual research and development spend, and this team builds customizations and integrations funded by customers
as billable jobs and deliverables.

 

Organization

 

As of December 31, 2018,
Questica had approximately 76 employees, including 71 full-time employees and 5 contractors. None of Questica’s employees
are represented by a labor union with respect to their employment with Questica. Questica’s headquarters are located at 980
Fraser Drive, Unit 105, Burlington, Ontario, Canada.

 

In September 2013, Questica
purchased the assets of Onix Systems Group Inc., which included the contracts for 16 customers and the intellectual property for
the Onix Budgeting Solution. In November 2015, Questica purchased the assets of Fletcher and Fletcher, Inc., which included the
contracts for eight customers and the intellectual property for the Fletcher Budgeting Solution. In June 2017, Questica purchased
the assets of PowerPlan Corporation, which included the contracts for more than 350 customers and the intellectual property for
the PowerPlan Budgeting Solution. In July 2018, Questica sold the assets of its engineer-to-order (“ETO”) business,
which included the contracts for 30 customers and the intellectual property for its ETO ERP solution.

 

Facilities

 

Questica leases three
facilities for key administrative, operational and technology functions. Questica’s headquarters are located in a multi-tenant
office building in Burlington, Ontario, Canada at 980 Fraser Drive, Unit 105, where Questica leases 7,000 square feet. Questica’s
lease for the space in Burlington commenced on June 1, 2015 and expires on May 31, 2020. Starting on March 1, 2017, Questica also
leased 3,410 square feet in a second property in Burlington, Ontario, Canada, which lease ends on December 31, 2019. Starting on
June 20, 2017, Questica leased 2,085 square feet in Huntington Beach, California, which lease ends on March 31, 2023. A small number
of Questica’s employees work remotely out of their homes in both Canada and the in the United States. Questica does not own
any facilities as of the date of this filing. Questica believes that substantially all of its property and equipment is in good
condition and its buildings and improvements have sufficient capacity to meet current needs.

 

Intellectual Property

 

Questica does not hold
any patents but has registered trademarks for “QUESTICA” and “TEAMBUDGET” in the U.S. and Canada and has
applied for trademarks for “OPENBOOK” and “WHERE BRILLIANT BEGINS” in the U.S. and Canada.

 

Government Regulation

 

There are no current
government regulations that negatively impact Questica’s business or Questica’s ability to compete in the markets it
pursues. However, there are regulations related to the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996 (HIPPA) and
the Americans with Disabilities Act (ADA) that are relevant to Questica’s customers that could in the future necessitate
changes to Questica’s products in order to be compliant, and if not addressed, could negatively impact Questica’s ability
to compete for new business.

 

Legal Proceedings

 

There is no material
litigation, arbitration or governmental proceeding currently pending against Questica or any members of its management team in
their capacity as such.

 



    16
     
    

 

Sherpa Business Overview

 

Sherpa is a leading
provider of public sector budgeting software and consulting services that help state and local governments create and manage budgets
and performance. Clients purchase Sherpa software and engage Sherpa consulting services to configure the software and train clients
on how to manage the software going forward. Following the implementation, clients continue to use the software in perpetuity while
paying maintenance or subscription fees. Sherpa was founded in 2004 by David Farrell and Mar Taloma in Delaware.

 

Sherpa’s clients
benefit from a system that greatly simplifies the budgeting process, encourages collaboration and provides detailed projections
on substantial portions of their budgets. Increased access to data, including instant aggregation of the budget requests, means
clients can spend more time analyzing data and less time collecting it and formatting outputs. Sherpa’s business consulting
provides access to lessons learned from over 100 public sector budgeting implementations and consultants who average 20 years
of experience in budgeting and performance management.

 

Sherpa’s contracts
are comprised of two durations: (i) short-term implementation of three to twelve months; and (ii) on-going maintenance of one to
five year renewable periods. Due to the investment made in implementing software and the quality of the solution, retention rates
are very high.

 

Industry Background

 

Public sector budgeting
has been traditionally performed by either disparate spreadsheets that are compiled by a central office or home-grown systems.
Due to the sheer amount of data and publication requirements needed by public sector organizations, using this traditional process
can be very challenging. Most budget processes experience a significant amount of data re-entry and re-stating, manual compilation
and extensive data verification and often rely on the mostly manual preparation of required publications. While products that meet
some budgeting software requirements exist in the market, many are overly complicated to implement or priced at a point that exceeds
the reservation points of most government organizations. Sherpa’s product is flexible enough to meet complex requirements
while also scalable to lower budget clients.

 

Sherpa’s Products and Services

 

Sherpa provides public
sector budgeting software to meet the needs of key stakeholders, executive and legislative branches, budget offices and department
users. The key elements of Sherpa’s offerings are: (i) a highly configurable software; (ii) an experienced consulting team;
and (iii) a long-term support model.

 

Highly Configurable Software

 

Sherpa’s software
was designed to be configured by functional staff with no changes to the underlying code. Implementation teams are comprised of
functional experts, not technical experts, who are able to understand business requirements and demonstrate configured software
immediately after requirements meetings. This means clients see their future solution throughout the process and can make refinements
without having to wait for an entire build phase to complete.

 

Consulting

 

Each of the members
of Sherpa’s consulting team have an average of over 20 years of targeted public sector budgeting experience and together
have implemented over 100 public sector budgeting projects. This experience is invaluable to clients for several reasons. Clients
can quickly explain their processes and Sherpa’s team will understand without multiple iterations, meaning clients dedicate
a significantly lower amount of their time to engagements. When clients seek advice, Sherpa can refer them to dozens of relevant
examples where other similar clients have faced similar challenges. Sherpa has many innovative clients whose collective thought
leadership is channeled through Sherpa’s implementation team. Sherpa’s team has seen what has worked and what has not,
so Sherpa can offer counsel on business processes redesign including recommended timing relative to the software project.

 

Support

 

Sherpa’s support
model is designed to enable clients to use Sherpa’s software for the long term, traversing changes in leadership, policy,
and staff. As part of Sherpa’s basic maintenance model, clients can reach out to their consulting team at any time to get
assistance, answers to questions or support with activities that are rarely done, such as annual rollovers. This results in clients
getting answers to questions immediately, without the struggles of reporting issues through a chain of support staff who are not
familiar with the client processes and configuration.

 



    17
     
    

 

Revenues

 

Sherpa currently earn
revenues from three main sources: (i) consulting services for implementations and business process design; (ii) software fees;
and (iii) maintenance fees. Consulting services are comprised of one-time implementation fees and system administrator services,
where Sherpa serves as the customer’s system administrator, typically to provide coverage for turnover. Software fees are
made up of both perpetual license fees and subscription fees. Maintenance fees are annual fees paid by perpetual license customers
to have access to customer support and software upgrades. Hosting services are also provided but are mostly pass-through to Sherpa’s
hosting providers. Sherpa generally relies on approximately ten customers for each of its three main revenue sources in a given
fiscal year, which are mostly comprised of state and local governments.

 

Sales and Marketing

 

Sherpa’s primary
method of securing sales to date is through responses to requests for proposals. In addition, Sherpa’s target audience actively
communicates with similar public sector organizations, which leads to word-of-mouth sales. To grow sales beyond responses to requests
for proposals and word-of-mouth referrals, Sherpa is employing the following sales and marketing strategies for 2019:

 


•Limited conferences where decision-makers attend;




•Pre-sales work to introduce clients to Sherpa’s offering; and




•Selling via cooperative agreement.

​ 

Revenue Growth

 

Sherpa’s primary
focus for revenue growth is to ensure Sherpa’s current customer base maintains a high degree of customer satisfaction. Sherpa
believes that high retention of recurring revenue is critical to create the foundation for revenue growth. Sherpa also believes
that high customer satisfaction provides secondary benefits, including strong references and willingness to promote the product
and team.

 

Growing Existing Markets

 

Sherpa’s goals
for growth focus on verticals with which Sherpa has had the most success: cities, counties and states. Sherpa’s targeted
market of large, complex clients has a total available market of 450 counties, 300 cities, 49 states and 600 state agencies.
There are 280 K-12 opportunities, which Sherpa pursues selectively due to their unique requirements.

 

New Markets

 

There are additional
verticals where Sherpa’s product applies, such as K-12, universities, and non-profits which may be considered for long-term
growth.

 

Technology and Operations

 

Sherpa’s technology
leverages Microsoft’s widely-used SQL Server, which is a relational database management system, and .NET software framework.
The power of Sherpa’s application is derived from Sherpa’s investment in on-screen configuration, all of which is stored
in the database, meaning code updates do not have client-specific features. Since each client has unique requirements which must
be met due to statutory requirements or policy, Sherpa’s solution was built to be flexible enough to meet these requirements
without code changes or client customizations. With Sherpa’s experience with multiple other budgeting systems, Sherpa’s
product was built from the ground up with the specific focus on how to create outputs in an efficient manner. This means regardless
of reporting solution, reports are fast and easy to create due to the strong design.

 



    18
     
    

 

Sherpa’s technology
infrastructure for hosted clients is provided by Amazon Web Services and is maintained by Sherpa’s partner at Smart Panda
Labs. We have east coast and west coast hosting sites. Approximately half of Sherpa’s customer base is serviced on-premise.
Budgeting is not mission critical, but Sherpa’s objective is to provide uninterrupted service 24 hours per day and seven
days a week, and Sherpa’s operations maintain extensive backup, security and disaster recovery procedures including recovery
in 8 minute intervals.

 

Sherpa’s solutions
are scalable and can be set up quickly for new clients. The average time to stand up a new environment is less than one day. Due
to low incidences of system issues, most clients take upgrades only once per year, allowing them to complete their budget cycle
uninterrupted.

 

Competition

 

Nearly every competitive
request for proposals in the budget space will have ten or more bidders. Historically, very few are truly competitive across all
scoring areas. Sherpa believes that the principal factors upon which its businesses compete are:

 


•Software capabilities — Sherpa’s software generally meets over 98% of requirements




•Implementation team experience — Sherpa’s team members average
20 years of targeted experience




•Support model — Sherpa’s clients have direct contact with Sherpa’s
implementation team without a tiered support model




•References — References are strong, with surveys resulting in a 9.9/10 average score




•Price — Sherpa is generally in the 40th percentile in pricing among
competitors for large to mid-sized clients

 

Sherpa believes Sherpa
competes favorably with respect to all of the above-listed factors. Sherpa’s main competitors are much larger than Sherpa
and have an advantage in name recognition. However, Sherpa believes that in public sector budgeting most decision-makers are focused
on procuring the best possible product and rarely factor in company size once they are satisfied with the long-term prospects of
the offering.

 

All of Sherpa’s
prospective clients have preexisting financial and human resources solutions, meaning that Sherpa also faces competition with legacy
product offerings. Companies such as SAP and Oracle have a substantial market share of financial and human resources software,
which means they can up-sell their products, often without formal procurements. Sherpa has found, however, that most clients are
not satisfied with enterprise resource planning budget products and are moving to best-in-breed for products such as budgeting,
grants and procurement.

 

Sherpa’s primary competitors in the
market vary by client size:

 


•Large, complex clients with over $2 billion in budget; competitors are larger, established
companies such as Questica, Oracle, SAP and CGI. Integrators include Deloitte, Accenture for Oracle and SAP.

 




•Mid-sized clients with between $500 million to $2 billion in budget; Questica and lower-priced
integrators of expensive products such as Oracle or scaled-down offerings of the more expensive products.

​ 


•Smaller clients with less than $500 million in budget: Sherpa does not currently compete
in this space, but there is more competition at this level due to price sensitivity.

 

Research and Development

 

Research and development
is performed as part of our efforts to constantly improve our product. Our Research and Development expenditures were approximately
$250,000 in 2017 and $325,000 in 2018.

 

Employees

 

As of December 31, 2018,
Sherpa had 12 employees or members, which includes 6 full-time employees. Sherpa also employs independent contractors to support
Sherpa’s hosting environments. Sherpa’s employees are not covered by any collective bargaining agreement and Sherpa
has never experienced a work stoppage. Sherpa believes that its relations with its employees are good as most have worked together
since 1998 through multiple products and companies. Sherpa’s headquarters are located at 2990 Osceola St in Denver, CO.

 



    19
     
    

 

Facilities

 

Sherpa does not own
or lease any facilities as of the date of this filing.

 

Legal Proceedings

 

There is no material
litigation, arbitration or governmental proceeding currently pending against Sherpa or any members of its management team in their
capacity as such.

 



    20
     
    

 

Risk Factors

 

Item 1A “Risk Factors” of the Company’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2018 is hereby incorporated
by reference into this Item 2.01 and is included in Exhibit 99.8 to this Current Report on Form 8-K.

 



    21
     
    

 

Properties

 

Bonfire leases and occupies
approximately 21,000 square feet of office space in Ontario, Canada. Such lease expires on June 30, 2022.

 

CityBase’s corporate
headquarters is located in Chicago, Illinois, where it currently leases approximately 14,560 square feet under a lease agreement
set to expire in November 2021. In addition, CityBase subleases a Chicago, Illinois office to a non-related party under terms expiring
on December 31, 2020. CityBase also leases a warehouse space in Illinois and co-working spaces in San Francisco, California; Indianapolis,
Indiana; and Birmingham, Alabama. CityBase believes that its current facilities are adequate to meet its ongoing needs and that,
to accommodate growth, it may seek additional facilities as necessary.

 

eCivis’s headquarters
are located in a multi-tenant office building at 418 N. Fair Oaks Ave., Ste. 301, Pasadena, CA 91103, where eCivis leases approximately
10,030 rentable square feet. eCivis’s lease for such space commenced on November 6, 2013 and expires on May 31, 2022. On
June 1, 2017, eCivis subleased 2,500 rentable square feet to a subtenant, which sublease expires on May 31, 2022. eCivis does not
own any facilities as of the date of this filing. eCivis believes that substantially all of its property and equipment is in good
condition and its buildings and improvements have sufficient capacity to meet current needs.

 

Open Counter is not
party to any lease agreements. Open Counter uses office space through an agreement with WeWork at the WeWork Golden Gate location,
25 Taylor Street, San Francisco, California. Open Counter employees work remotely out of their homes or at co-working facilities.
Open Counter does not own any facilities as of the date of this filing.

 

Questica leases three facilities for key administrative, operational
and technology functions. Questica’s headquarters are located in a multi-tenant office building in Burlington, Ontario, Canada
at 980 Fraser Drive, Unit 105, where Questica leases 7,000 square feet. Questica’s lease for the space in Burlington commenced
on June 1, 2015 and expires on May 31, 2020. Starting on March 1, 2017, Questica also leased 3,410 square feet in a second property
in Burlington, Ontario, Canada, which lease ends on December 31, 2019. Starting on June 20, 2017, Questica leased 2,085 square
feet in Huntington Beach, California, which lease ends on March 31, 2023. A small number of Questica’s employees work remotely
out of their homes in both Canada and the in the United States. Questica does not own any facilities as of the date of this filing.
Questica believes that substantially all of its property and equipment is in good condition and its buildings and improvements
have sufficient capacity to meet current needs.

 

Sherpa does not own or lease any facilities as of the date of this filing.

 

Unaudited Pro Forma Combined Financial
Information

 

Our unaudited pro forma combined
financial information as of and for the year ended December 31, 2018 is attached hereto as Exhibit 99.7 and incorporated herein
by reference.

 



    22
     
    

 

Management’s Discussion and
Analysis of Financial Condition and Operations

 

The Company’s Management’s Discussion
and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations

 

Item 7 “Management’s Discussion
and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations” of the Company’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year
ended December 31, 2018 is hereby incorporated by reference into this Item 2.01 and is included in Exhibit 99.8 to this
Current Report on Form 8-K.

 

Bonfire’s Management’s Discussion
and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

 

The following discussion
and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with the financial statements and
related notes thereto included elsewhere in this report. This discussion contains forward-looking statements that involve risks
and uncertainties. Our actual results could differ materially from those discussed below. Factors that could cause or contribute
to such differences include, but are not limited to, those identified below and those discussed in the section titled “Risk
Factors” included elsewhere in this report.

 

As used herein, the terms “Bonfire”,
“we,” “our” and “us” refer Bonfire Interactive Ltd., and its consolidated subsidiary as a combined
entity.

 

Overview 

 

Bonfire Interactive
Ltd. was incorporated on March 5, 2012 under the laws of the Province of Ontario, and our wholly owned subsidiary Bonfire Interactive
US Ltd. was incorporated in U.S. on January 8, 2018. We develop cloud-based eSourcing and procurement software that help purchasers
find, engage, and evaluate suppliers and manage the resulting contracting and performance relationships.

  

We are a leader in
strategic sourcing and procurement technology, empowering organizations to make the right purchasing decisions. With tools to support
the entire vendor lifecycle (sourcing, contract management, and vendor performance), we go beyond traditional mechanics to make
complex decision making easy.

 

Business Combination

 

On September 12, 2018,
we entered into a definitive agreement relating to the Business Combination. On February 15, 2019, the Business Combination was
approved by the shareholders of GTY Cayman. On February 19, 2019, the Business Combination was consummated.

 

Pursuant to the Business
Combination, Bonfire received aggregate consideration of approximately $47.3 million in cash and 2,156,014 shares of Company common
stock valued at $10.00 per share, and 2,161,741 shares of Bonfire Exchangeco, each of which is exchangeable for shares of Company
common stock on a one-for-one basis.

 

Pursuant to the Business
Combination, the Company acquired all of Bonfire’s issued and outstanding stock and warrants for combined consideration of
cash and shares in the Company. In addition, 1,218,937 unvested options at closing date to purchase shares of Bonfire common stock
were converted into 408,667 options to purchase shares of GTY common stock.

 

Revenue

 

We provide subscription
services by allowing customers to use our software without taking possession of the software. Revenue is recognized ratably over
the contract term as the customer simultaneously receives and consumes the benefits of the subscription service, as the service
is made available by us.

 

General and Administrative 

 

General and administrative
expenses consist primarily of personnel costs associated with our executive, finance, human resources, compliance, and other administrative
personnel, as well as accounting and legal professional services fees.

 

Sales and Marketing 

 

Sales and marketing
expenses consist primarily of compensation and employee benefits, sales commissions, marketing events, advertising costs, travel,
and trade shows and conferences.

 

Research and Development

 

All research and development
costs are expensed as incurred. Research and development costs consist primarily of payroll related to employees from product and
development department.

 



    23
     
    

 

Critical Accounting Policies and Use of Estimates 

 

Management’s discussion
and analysis of financial condition and results of operations are based upon our accompanying consolidated financial statements,
which have been prepared in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles, or U.S. GAAP, and which requires us
to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenue and expenses, and related disclosure
of contingent assets and liabilities. We base our estimates on historical experience and on various other assumptions that we believe
are reasonable under the circumstances. These estimates are the basis for our judgments about the carrying values of assets and
liabilities, which in turn may impact our reported revenue and expenses. Our actual results could differ significantly from these
estimates under different assumptions or conditions.

 

An accounting policy
is deemed to be critical if it requires an accounting estimate to be made based on assumptions about matters that are highly uncertain
at the time the estimate is made, and if different estimates that reasonably could have been used, or changes in the accounting
estimate that are reasonably likely to occur periodically, could materially impact the consolidated financial statements.

  

Revenue Recognition

 

We adopted the Financial
Accounting Standards Board (“FASB”) new revenue recognition framework, ASC 606, Revenue from Contracts with
Customers (“ASC 606”), on January 1, 2017 using the full retrospective approach. The adoption of this standard
did not have a material impact on prior revenue recognition or on opening equity, as the timing and measurement of revenue recognition
for Bonfire is materially the same under ASC 606 as it was under the prior relevant guidance.

 

With the adoption
of Topic 606, revenue is recognized upon transfer of control of promised products and services to customers in an amount that reflects
the consideration we expect to receive in exchange for those products or services. If the consideration promised in a contract
includes a variable amount, we include an estimate of the amount it expects to receive for the total transaction price if it is
probable that a significant reversal of cumulative revenue recognized will not occur.

 

We determine the amount
of revenue to be recognized through application of the following steps:

•  Identification
of the contract, or contracts with a customer;

•  Identification
of the performance obligations in the contract;

•  Determination
of the transaction price;

•  Allocation
of the transaction price to the performance obligations in the contract; and

•  Recognition
of revenue when or as we satisfy the performance obligations.

 

We provide subscription
services by allowing customers to use our software without taking possession of the software. Revenue is recognized ratably over
the contract term as the customer simultaneously receives and consumes the benefits of the subscription service as the service
is made available by us. For contracts where the period between when we transfer a promised service to the customer and when the
customer pays is one year or less, we have elected the practical expedient to not adjust the promised amount of consideration for
the effects of a significant financing component.

 

We have made a policy
election to exclude from the measurement of the transaction price all taxes assessed by a government authority that are both imposed
on and concurrent with a specific revenue producing transaction and collected by us from a customer. Such taxes may include but
are not limited to sales, use, value added and certain excise taxes. 

 

Contract costs

 

We capitalize incremental costs to obtain
a contract with a customer, such as sales commissions. Costs that will be incurred regardless of whether the contract is obtained,
including incremental costs in attempting to obtain the contract, are expensed as they are incurred unless they meet the criteria
to be capitalized as fulfillment costs.

 

Commissions paid to
by us to our employees in obtaining new contracts with customers, which are considered to be incremental, are capitalized as deferred
commissions in the consolidated balance sheets. The commissions are recognized over the estimated life of customer relationships
of 5 years as operating expenses in the consolidated statements of operations.

 

Contract Liabilities

 

Contract liabilities
represent amounts that have been billed or collected in advance of revenue recognition. We typically invoice customers in monthly,
quarterly, or annual installments. Contract liabilities are reduced as services are provided and the revenue recognition criteria
are met.

 



    24
     
    

 

Accounts Receivable

 

Accounts receivable
primarily consists of amounts due from our customers, which are located throughout the United States and Canada. Accounts receivable
are recorded at the invoiced amount, do not require collateral, and do not bear interest. We estimate an allowance for doubtful
accounts by evaluating specific accounts where information indicates the customers may have an inability to meet financial obligations,
such as bankruptcy and significantly aged receivables outstanding. Uncollectible receivables are written-off in the period management
believes it has exhausted every opportunity to collect payment from the customer. Bad debt expense is recorded when events or circumstances
indicate an additional allowance is required based on our specific identification approach.

 

Stock Based Compensation

 

We expense stock-based
compensation over the requisite service period based on the estimated grant-date fair value of the awards. Stock-based awards with
graded-vesting schedules are recognized on a straight-line basis over the requisite service period for each separately vesting
portion of the award.

 

We estimate the fair
value of stock option grants using the Black-Scholes option pricing model and the assumptions used in calculating the fair value
of stock-based awards represent management’s best estimates and involve inherent uncertainties and the application of management’s
judgment.

 

Expected Term —
The expected term of options represents the period that the stock-based awards are expected to be outstanding based on the simplified
method, which is the half-life from vesting to the end of its contractual term.

 

Expected Volatility —
We estimate stock price volatility over expected terms based on comparable companies historical common stock trading prices.

 

Risk-Free Interest Rate —
We base the risk-free interest rate on the implied yield available on Canadian government ten-year bond yields with an equivalent
remaining term.

 

Expected Dividend —
We have never declared or paid any cash dividends on common shares and we do not plan to pay cash dividends in the foreseeable
future, and, therefore, uses an expected dividend yield of zero in valuation models.

 

We adopted ASU No.
2016-09, Compensation-Stock Compensation (Topic 718), Improvements to Employee Share-Based Payment Accounting, on January
1, 2017, and account for forfeitures as they occur.

 

Recently Issued Accounting Pronouncements

 

See Note 3 to
our consolidated financial statements for a description of recently issued accounting pronouncements applicable to our financial
statements.

 



    25
     
    

 

Results of Operations for the Years
Ended December 31, 2018 and 2017

 

The following table
reflects our operating results for the years ended December 31, 2018 and 2017 (in Canadian Dollars):

 



      
    Year ended  
    Year ended  
    Amount  
    Percentage 

      
    December 31, 2018  
    December 31, 2017  
    Change  
    Change 

      
       
       
       
      

    Revenue 
    $4,142,456  
    $1,993,805  
    $2,148,651  
     108%

    Cost of sales 
     1,050,946  
     210,684  
     840,262  
     399%

    Gross profit 
     3,091,510  
     1,783,121  
     1,308,389  
     73%

      
        
        
        
       

    Operating expenses: 
        
        
        
       

    General and administrative 
     3,338,548  
     1,656,911  
     1,681,637  
     101%

    Sales and marketing 
     3,936,967  
     1,329,037  
     2,607,930  
     196%

    Research and development 
     2,268,049  
     667,201  
     1,600,848  
     240%

    Total operating expenses 
     9,543,564  
     3,653,149  
     5,890,415  
     161%

    Loss from operations 
     (6,452,054) 
     (1,870,028) 
     (4,582,026) 
     245%

      
        
        
        
       

    Other income (expense) 
        
        
        
       

    Interest income 
     66,002  
     9,317  
     56,685  
     608%

    Grant income 
     101,679  
     152,615  
     (50,936) 
     -33%

    Other (expense) income 
     (15,117) 
     15,206  
     (30,323) 
     -199%

    Loss on disposal of capital assets 
     -  
     (12,223) 
     12,223  
     -100%

    Foreign exchange gain (loss) 
     476,636  
     (779,083) 
     1,255,719  
     -161%

    Change in fair value of warrant liability 
     (147,944) 
     -  
     (147,944) 
     100%

    Total other income (expense), net 
     481,256  
     (614,168) 
     1,095,424  
     -178%

    Net loss 
    $(5,970,798) 
    $(2,484,196) 
    $(3,486,602) 
     140%

    Deemed dividend on Series Seed preferred stock 
     (427,763) 
     167,990  
     (595,753) 
     -355%

    Net loss applicable to common stockholders 
    $(6,398,561) 
    $(2,316,206) 
    $(4,082,355) 
     176%


 

Revenues

 

We are a technology-focused
business that provides mission-critical oriented services to customers in the government and commercial sector. Our software offerings
include subscription-based software as a service (SaaS). Additionally, we provide support services as well as other professional
consulting and customization of products.

 

Revenues incurred
during the year ended December 31, 2018 were approximately $4.1 million compared to $2.0 million in the prior period. The increased
revenues period over period were mainly due to increase in number of customers. We had 266 customers and 207 customers as of December
31, 2018 and 2017, respectively.

 

Operating Expenses

 

Operating expenses
incurred during the year ended December 31, 2018 were approximately $9.5 million compared to $3.7 million in the prior period.
Significant changes in operating expenses are outlined as follows:

  



     
    ·
    General and administrative expenses increased to $3.3 million during the year ended December 31, 2018 from $1.7 million during the prior year period. The increased expenses period over period were attributable to the following:

 



     
    o
    stock-based compensation for employees and outside consultants,

 



     
    o
    compensation expenses resulting from increased headcount,

 



     
    o
    legal, audit and other professional fees,

 



     
    ·
    Sales and marketing expenses increased to $3.9 million during the year ended December 31, 2018 from $1.3 million during the prior year period. The increased expenses period over period were mainly due to an increase in headcount in both Sales and Marketing. This increased not only the compensation expenses including compensation expenses related to stock options granted but also other related costs such as travel, sales & marketing tools, etc. Marketing spend was increased in 2018 to help drive pipeline growth with various campaigns running so this also led to an increase.

 



    26
     
    

 



     
    ·
    Research and development expenses increased to $2.3 million during the year ended December 31, 2018 from $0.7 million during the prior year period. The increased expenses were mainly due to the increased compensation expenses including stock options granted related to employees in product development department. 

 

Operating expenses
incurred during the year ended December 31, 2017 were approximately $3.7 million. The cost was mainly attributable from payroll
expense under General and administrative and Research and development.

 

Other Income (Expense)

 

Interest Income

 

We had approximately
$66,000 and $9,000 net interest income during the year ended December 31, 2018 and 2017, respectively, which was mainly attributable
to interest earned on our Dominion Securities accounts that we hold with RBC (currently sitting in cash).

 

Grant Income

 

We had approximately
$102,000 and $153,000 grant income during the year ended December 31, 2018 and 2017, which was mainly attributable to funding from
IRAP and the Co-op Education Tax Credit earned to date.

 

Foreign Currency Exchange Gain (Loss)

 

Net foreign currency
exchange for the years ended December 31, 2018 and 2017 were approximately $477,000 gain and $779,000 loss, respectively, which
were mainly attributable from re-measurement of cash balances denominated in currencies other than the functional currency of the
respective operating division recording the instrument.

 

Change in fair value of warrant liability

 

The change in fair
value of warrant liability for the year ended December 31, 2018 and 2017 were approximately $148,000 and $0, respectively, which
related to the warrants held.

 

Liquidity 

 

We have incurred substantial
operating losses since our inception, and we expect to continue to incur significant operating losses for the foreseeable future.
We had an accumulated deficit of approximately $10.4 million at December 31, 2018, a net loss of approximately $6.0 million and
approximately $4.5 million net cash used in operating activities for the year ended December 31, 2018.

 

At December 31, 2018,
we had current assets of approximately $8.0 million and current liabilities of approximately $3.2 million, rendering a working
capital of approximately $4.8 million. With cash of $6.6 million and current availability under our loan agreement, we believe
that our existing capital resources will be sufficient to fund our planned operations and expenditures for at least twelve months
from the issuance of the accompanying consolidated financial statements. However, we cannot provide assurance that our plans will
not change or that changed circumstances will not result in the depletion of our capital resources more rapidly than we currently
anticipate.

 

On September 12, 2018,
we entered into a definitive agreement relating to the Business Combination. On February 15, 2019, the Business Combination was
approved by the shareholders of GTY Cayman. On February 19, 2019, the Business Combination was consummated.

 



    27
     
    

 

Cash Flows

 



      
    Year ended  
    Year ended 

      
    December 31, 2018  
    December 31, 2017 

    Net cash (used in) provided by: 
        
       

    Operating activities 
    $(4,482,866) 
    $(1,757,551)

    Investing activities 
     (119,616) 
     (98,944)

    Financing activities 
     125,499  
     10,937,187 

    Net (decrease) increase in cash and cash equivalents 
    $(4,476,983) 
    $9,080,692 


 

Operating Activities

 

For the year ended
December 31, 2018, cash used in operations was approximately $4.5 million, resulting from a net loss of approximately $6.0 million,
offset by aggregate non-cash expenses of approximately $0.8 million and changes in operating assets and liabilities of approximately
$0.7 million.

 

For the year ended
December 31, 2017, cash used in operations was approximately $1.8 million, resulting from a net loss of approximately $2.5 million,
offset by aggregate non-cash expenses of approximately $0.1 million and changes in operating assets and liabilities of approximately
$0.6 million.

 

Investing Activities

 

Cash used in investing
activities were approximately $120,000 and $99,000 for the years ended December 31, 2018 and 2017, respectively. The investing
activities in both periods were mainly consisted of purchasing additional computer equipment, furniture and fixtures.

 

Financing Activities

 

Net cash provided
by financing activities were approximately $125,000 and $10.9 million for the years ended December 31, 2018 and 2017, respectively.
We received approximately $125,000 cash proceeds related to the exercise of stock options during the year ended December 31, 2018.
Our main capital resources were $10.7 million cash proceeds from issuance of Series A preferred stock and $0.3 million cash proceeds
from issuance of Seed Series IV preferred stock during the year ended December 31, 2017.

 

Commitments and Contingencies

 

Operating Lease

 

We have various operating leases for our
premises and office equipment. Future minimum lease payments, under our non-cancellable operating leases, are as follows as of
December 31, 2018:

 



    2019 
    $565,185 

    2020 
     586,206 

    2021 
     607,227 

    2022 
     311,784 

    Total 
    $2,070,402 


 

Legal Proceedings

 

We are not a party
to any material legal proceedings and are not aware of any pending or threatened claims. From time to time, we may be subject to
various legal proceedings and claims that arise in the ordinary course of its business activities.

 

Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements

 

We did not have during
the periods presented, and we do not currently have, any off-balance sheet arrangements, as defined in the SEC rules and regulations.

 



    28
     
    



 

CityBase’s Management’s
Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations



 

As used herein,
the terms “CityBase”, “we,” “our” and “us” refer to CityBase, Inc. The following
discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with the financial statements
and related notes thereto included elsewhere in this report. This discussion contains forward-looking statements that involve risks
and uncertainties. Our actual results could differ materially from those discussed below. Factors that could cause or contribute
to such differences include, but are not limited to, those identified below and those discussed in the section titled “Risk
Factors” included elsewhere in this report.

 

Overview

 

We are a company based
in Chicago, Illinois. We provide dynamic content, digital services, and
integrated payments via a software-as-a-service (SaaS) platform that includes technological functionality accessible via web and
mobile, kiosk, point-of-sale, and other channels. Our software integrates its platform to underlying systems of record, billing,
and other source systems, and configures payments and digital services to meet the requirements of its clients. Our clients include
government agencies and utility companies. CityBase, LLC was formed in Delaware on June 9, 2014. On July 21, 2016, CityBase, LLC
was converted into a Delaware corporation, CityBase, Inc. 

 

To complement and
expand CityBase’s technology and customer base, on August 17, 2017, we acquired 100% of the equity interests of the Department
of Better Technology, Inc., a Delaware corporation, in exchange for shares of CityBase common stock.

 

We provide an enterprise
SaaS platform that facilitates government and utility interactions with customers. The key elements of its products and services
are digital services and payments.

 

Pursuant to the Business
Combination, the Company acquired CityBase for aggregate consideration of approximately $63.0 million in cash and 3,034,546
shares of Company common stock (valued at $10.00 per share). Each CityBase Holder may elect to have their shares subject to transfer
restrictions for up to one year or to have their shares subject to redemption at the Company’s option for a promissory note
in an amount equal to $10.00 per share redeemed, which note would bear interest at a rate of 8% per annum in the first year after
issuance and 10.0% per annum thereafter (subject to an increase of 1% for each additional 6 months that has elapsed without full
payment of such note(s)) (which option must be exercised within 90 days after the closing of the Business Combination). Prior to
the consummation of the Business Combination, the CityBase Holders agreed to purchase 380,937 Class A Ordinary Shares of GTY Cayman
with the proceeds they would have otherwise received from the closing of the CityBase Transaction, which resulted in an approximate
$3.8 million reduction to the amount of cash payable to the CityBase Holders. In addition, approximately $2.1 million in cash and
1,000,000 shares of the Company’s common stock were deposited into escrow for a period of up to one year to cover certain
indemnification obligations of the CityBase Holders.

 

Digital Services 

 

Our
digital services make it easier for constituents to register, apply, search, and pay for government and utility services—and
easier for staff to administer these services. “Digital services” includes solutions that address the common interactions
that people have with the government or their utility provider, which are often paper-based today. Our digital services include
configurable digital forms and case management tools that replace manual processes or improve existing online processes for government
and utility customers. Our digital service tools help government and utility staff process constituent requests faster and more
effectively.

 

Payments

 

Our platform helps
local governments and utilities accept, track, and manage payments from their constituents. We facilitate payments that provide
a modern user experience, integrate seamlessly with its customers’ existing systems, and are consistent across a large enterprise.
The payment technology is available via channels, including web and mobile web, kiosk, and point-of-sale terminals. Our revenue
management solution allows clients to manage system-wide payment activity as well as reconcile to individual transactions in one
place.

 



    29
     
    

 

Liquidity

 

As of December 31,
2018, we had cash and cash equivalents of approximately $3.9 million, and a working capital of approximately $491,000.  

 

Our liquidity to date
has been satisfied through the issuance of preferred and common stock (see accompanying financial statements and footnotes). In
addition from time to time, CityBase has entered into debt agreements. However, all debts have been paid in full as of December
31, 2018. While we expect to continue to grow CityBase’s revenues and manage its expenses, we anticipate that CityBase will
incur additional losses over the next 12 months. We anticipate liquidity to be satisfied over the next 12 months through the merger
transaction that closed on February 19, 2019. In order to provide additional liquidity, CityBase may enter into new debt agreements,
which in connection with the existing cash in the balance sheet will fund expected losses over the next 12 months.

 

Based
on the foregoing, management believes that we will have sufficient working capital and borrowing capacity to meet our needs through
one year from this filing.

 

Revenues

 

Subscription
and support

 

We provide software
hosting services that provide customers with access to software and related support and updates during the term of the arrangement.
Additionally, we provide subscription website services that provide customers website support services. Further, we charge a rental
fee for kiosks owned by us when the kiosk has been received by the client and is fully operational and ready to accept transactions.
Subscription revenues are recognized ratably over the contract terms beginning on the effective date of each contract, as the customer
simultaneously receives and consumes the benefits of the subscription service, as the service is made available by us.

 

Our contracts have
variable consideration in the form of usage fees, which are constrained and included in the transaction price in the period in
which the usage occurs and the fee is known.

 

Sale of Kiosks

 

Revenues from the
sale of kiosks are recognized when the kiosk has been received by the client and is fully operational and ready to accept transactions,
which is when the customer obtains control and has the risks and rewards of the kiosk.

 

Cost of revenues 

 

Cost of revenues primarily
consists of costs related to software hosting costs, kiosk related expenses, including purchases of kiosks, maintenance, depreciation
and leasing costs, salaries and benefits of client services personnel, third-party service costs, and licensing costs incurred
pertaining to our services to customers.

 

Sales and marketing

 

Sales and marketing
expenses consist primarily of compensation and employee benefits, sales commissions, marketing events, advertising costs, travel,
and trade shows and conferences. Advertising costs are expensed as incurred.

 

Research and development 

 

Research and development
expenses are comprised primarily of salaries and benefits associated with our engineering and product personnel. Research and development
expenses also include third-party contractors. Research and development costs are expensed as incurred.

 



    30
     
    

 

General and administrative 

 

General and administrative
expenses consist primarily of personnel costs associated with out executive, finance, legal, human resources, compliance, and other
administrative personnel, as well as accounting and legal professional services fees.

 

Other income (expenses)

 

Other income (expenses)
include interest income earned from two related party notes, interest expense from our debt, gain (loss) from change in fair market
value of warrants and gain from the expiration of a put option associated with a business acquisition.

 

Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates

 

Management’s discussion
and analysis of financial condition and results of operations are based upon our accompanying financial statements, which have
been prepared in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles, or U.S. GAAP, and which requires us to make estimates
and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenue and expenses, and related disclosure of contingent
assets and liabilities. We base our estimates on historical experience and on various other assumptions that we believe are reasonable
under the circumstances. These estimates are the basis for our judgments about the carrying values of assets and liabilities, which
in turn may impact our reported revenue and expenses. Our actual results could differ significantly from these estimates under
different assumptions or conditions.

 

An accounting policy
is deemed to be critical if it requires an accounting estimate to be made based on assumptions about matters that are highly uncertain
at the time the estimate is made, and if different estimates that reasonably could have been used, or changes in the accounting
estimate that are reasonably likely to occur periodically, could materially impact the consolidated financial statements.

 

Revenue Recognition

 

We derive revenues
primarily from three sources: 1) subscription revenues, 2) usage fees and 3) sale of kiosks. CityBase adopted the Financial Accounting
Standards Board’s (“FASB”) new revenue standard, Accounting Standards Codification Topic 606, Revenue
from Contracts with Customers (“ASC 606”), on January 1, 2017 using the full retrospective approach. The adoption
of this standard did not have a material impact on prior revenue recognition or on opening equity, as the timing and measurement
of revenue recognition for CityBase is materially the same under ASC 606 as it was under the prior relevant guidance.

 

With the adoption
of Topic 606, revenue is recognized upon transfer of control of promised products and services to customers in an amount that reflects
the consideration we expect to receive in exchange for those products or services. If the consideration promised in a contract
includes a variable amount, we include an estimate of the amount it expects to receive for the total transaction price if it is
probable that a significant reversal of cumulative revenue recognized will not occur.

 

We determine the amount of revenue to be
recognized through application of the following steps:

 


•Identification of the contract, or contracts with a customer;


•Identification of the performance obligations in the contract;


•Determination of the transaction price;


•Allocation of the transaction price to the performance obligations in the contract; and


•Recognition of revenue when or as CityBase satisfies the performance obligations.

 

For contracts where
the period between when we transfer a promised service to the customer and when the customer pays is one year or less, we have
elected the practical expedient to not adjust the promised amount of consideration for the effects of a significant financing component.

 

We have made a policy
election to exclude from the measurement of the transaction price all taxes assessed by a government authority that are both imposed
on and concurrent with a specific revenue producing transaction and collected by us from a customer. Such taxes may include but
are not limited to sales, use, value added and certain excise taxes. 

 



    31
     
    

 

Contracts with Multiple Performance
Obligations

 

We enter into contracts
with customers that include promises to transfer software licenses, kiosks, payment processing services, and software support and
maintenance. Determining whether products and services are distinct performance obligations that should be accounted for separately
or combined as one unit of accounting may require significant judgment. For bundled packages, we account for individual services
separately if they are distinct. A distinct service is separately identifiable from other items in the bundled package if a customer
can benefit from it on its own or with other resources that are readily available to the customer. The consideration (including
any discounts) is allocated between separate services in a bundle based on their stand-alone selling prices. The stand-alone selling
prices are determined based on the prices at which we separately sell the services. For items that are not sold separately, we
estimate stand-alone selling prices using the adjusted market assessment approach.

 

Contract liabilities

 

Contract liabilities
primarily consist of amounts that have been billed to or received from customers in advance of revenue recognition and prepayments
received from customers in advance for subscription services to our SaaS offerings and related implementation and training. We
recognize contract liabilities as revenues when the services are performed and the corresponding revenue recognition criteria are
met. We receive payments both upfront and over time as services are performed. Customer prepayments are generally applied against
invoices issued to customers when services are performed and billed. Contract liabilities that are expected to be recognized as
revenues during the succeeding twelve-month period are recorded in current liabilities as deferred revenue, and the remaining portion
is recorded in long-term liabilities as deferred revenues, non-current.

 

Intangible Assets

 

Intangible assets
consist of technology and trade names with an estimated useful life of 5 and 10 years, respectively. Intangible assets are recorded
at their acquisition cost less accumulated amortization and impairment. Definite lived intangible assets are amortized over their
estimated useful life using the straight-line method, which is determined by identifying the period over which the cash flows from
the asset are expected to be generated.

 

Goodwill

 

Goodwill represents
the excess of the purchase price of acquired businesses over the estimated fair value of the identifiable net assets acquired.
Goodwill is not amortized but is tested for impairment at least annually at the reporting unit level or more frequently if events
or changes in circumstances indicate that the asset might be impaired. The goodwill impairment test is applied by performing a
qualitative assessment before calculating the fair value of the reporting unit. If, on the basis of qualitative factors, it is
considered not more likely than not that the fair value of the reporting unit is less than the carrying amount, further testing
of goodwill for impairment would not be required. Otherwise, goodwill impairment is tested using a two-step approach.

 

The first step involves
comparing the fair value of a company’s reporting unit to its carrying amount. If the fair value of the reporting unit is
determined to be greater than its carrying amount, there is no impairment. If the reporting unit’s carrying amount is determined
to be greater than the fair value, the second step must be completed to measure the amount of impairment, if any. The second step
involves calculating the implied fair value of goodwill by deducting the fair value of all tangible and intangible assets, excluding
goodwill, of the reporting unit from the fair value of the reporting unit as determined in step one. The implied fair value of
the goodwill in this step is compared to the carrying value of goodwill. If the implied fair value of the goodwill is less than
the carrying value of the goodwill, an impairment loss equivalent to the difference is recorded.

 

Impairment of Long-Lived Assets

 

We review long-lived
assets, including property and equipment, intangibles, and goodwill for impairment whenever events or changes in business circumstances
indicate that the carrying amount of an asset may not be fully recoverable. An impairment loss would be recognized when the estimated
future cash flows from the use of the asset are less than the carrying amount of that asset. We experienced no such losses for
the years ended December 31, 2018 and 2017.

 



    32
     
    

 

Derivative Financial Instruments

 

We do not use derivative instruments to
hedge exposures to cash flow, market or foreign currency.

 

We review the terms
of convertible debt and equity instruments we issue to determine whether there are derivative instruments, including an embedded
conversion option that is required to be bifurcated and accounted for separately as a derivative financial instrument. In circumstances
where a host instrument contains more than one embedded derivative instrument, including a conversion option, that is required
to be bifurcated, the bifurcated derivative instruments are accounted for as a single, compound derivative instrument. Also, in
connection with the sale of convertible debt and equity instruments, we may issue freestanding warrants that may, depending on
their terms, be accounted for as derivative instrument liabilities, rather than as equity.

 

Derivative instruments
are initially recorded at fair value and, if classified as a liability, are revalued at each reporting date with changes in the
fair value reported as non-operating income or expense. When the convertible debt or equity instruments contain embedded derivative
instruments that are to be bifurcated and accounted for as liabilities, the total proceeds allocated to the convertible host instruments
are first allocated to the fair value of all the bifurcated derivative instruments. The remaining proceeds, if any, are then allocated
to the convertible instruments themselves, usually resulting in those instruments being recorded at a discount from their face
value.

 

Stock-Based Compensation

 

We account for stock-based
compensation awards granted to employees and directors based on the awards’ estimated grant date fair value. We estimate
the fair value of its stock options using the Black-Scholes option-pricing model. The resulting fair value, is recognized on a
straight-line basis over the period during which an employee is required to provide service in exchange for the award, usually
the vesting period, which is generally four years. We recognize the fair value of stock options, which contain performance conditions
based upon the probability of the performance conditions being met, net of estimated forfeitures, using the graded vesting method.
As of January 1, 2017, we no longer use a forfeiture rate to recognize compensation expense as a result of the adoption of ASU
No. 2016-09, “Improvements to Employee Share-Based Payment Accounting.”

 

We value stock options
using the Black-Scholes option-pricing model, which requires the input of subjective assumptions, including the risk-free interest
rate, expected life, expected stock price volatility and dividend yield. The risk-free interest rate assumption is based upon observed
interest rates for constant maturity U.S. Treasury securities consistent with the expected term of our employee stock options.
The expected life represents the period of time the stock options are expected to be outstanding and is based on the simplified
method. Under the simplified method, the expected life of an option is presumed to be the mid-point between the vesting date and
end of the contractual term. We used the simplified method due to the lack of sufficient historical exercise data to provide a
reasonable basis upon which to otherwise estimate the expected life of the stock options. Due to our limited history, expected
volatility is based on historical volatilities of comparable companies over the estimated expected life of the stock options. We
assumed no dividend yield because it does not expect to pay dividends on its common stock in the near future, which is consistent
with our history of not paying dividends on our common stock.

 

Recent accounting pronouncements

 

See Note 3 to
our consolidated financial statements for a description of recent accounting pronouncements applicable to our financial statements.

 




    33
     
    

 

Results of Operations for the Years
Ended December 31, 2018 and 2017

 



      
    Year ended December 31,  
    Change 

      
    2018  
    2017  
    $  
    % 

    Revenues 
        
        
        
       

    Subscription and support 
    $6,355,126  
    $3,195,784  
    $3,159,342  
     99%

    Sale of kiosks 
     416,649  
     1,090,500  
     (673,851) 
     -62%

    Total revenues 
     6,771,775  
     4,286,284  
     2,485,491  
     58%

    Cost of revenues 
        
        
        
       

    Subscription and support 
     4,778,405  
     2,496,088  
     2,282,317  
     91%

    Sale of kiosks 
     402,947  
     885,401  
     (482,454) 
     -54%

    Total cost of revenues 
     5,181,352  
     3,381,489  
     1,799,863  
     53%

    Gross Profit 
     1,590,423  
     904,795  
     685,628  
     76%

    Operating expenses 
        
        
        
       

    Sales and marketing 
     1,390,822  
     1,018,332  
     372,490  
     37%

    Research and development 
     5,075,552  
     3,482,164  
     1,593,388  
     46%

    General and administrative 
     6,576,089  
     3,750,572  
     2,825,517  
     75%

    Total operating expenses 
     13,042,463  
     8,251,068  
     4,791,395  
     58%

    Loss from operations 
     (11,452,040) 
     (7,346,273) 
     (4,105,767) 
     56%

    Other income (expenses) 
        
        
        
       

    Interest income 
     2,054  
     1,218  
     836  
     69%

    Interest expense 
     (452,759) 
     (35,905) 
     (416,854) 
     1161%

    Sublease loss 
     -  
     (71,203) 
     71,203  
     -100%

    Change in fair value of notes payable 
     (1,386,503) 
     -  
     (1,386,503) 
     n/a 

    Change in fair value of put option 
     98,808  
     -  
     98,808  
     n/a 

    Change in fair value of warrant liability 
     (69,876) 
     63  
     (69,939) 
     -111014%

    Loss on extinguishment of debt 
     (23,191) 
     -  
     (23,191) 
     n/a 

    Other income (expense), net 
     (1,831,467) 
     (105,827) 
     (1,725,640) 
     1631%

    Net loss 
     (13,283,507) 
     (7,452,100) 
     (5,831,407) 
     78%

    Cumulative preferred stock dividends 
     (1,421,229) 
     (1,020,900) 
     (400,329) 
     39%

    Net loss applicable to common stockholders 
    $(14,704,736) 
    $(8,473,000) 
    $(6,231,736) 
     74%

    Basic and diluted loss per share attributable to common stockholders: 
    $(189.25) 
    $(118.50) 
    $(70.75) 
     60%

    Basic and diluted weighted average shares used to compute earnings per share: 
     77,699  
     71,502  
     6,197  
     9%


 

Revenues

 

The increase in subscription
and support revenues for the year ended December 31, 2018, compared to December 31, 2017, was due to CityBase onboarding new customers,
including a significant contract with San Francisco in Q4 2018, as well as obtaining additional revenues from existing customers
through increased usage fees and new services purchased. The decrease in sale of kiosks revenues for the year ended December 31,
2018, compared to December 31, 2017, was a result of a customer’s contract being fulfilled in 2017. The new customers whose
contracts included kiosks sales in 2018 have lower amounts of kiosks.

 

Cost of revenues

 

The increase in cost
of revenues for subscription and support revenues for the year ended December 31, 2018, compared to December 31, 2017, was primarily
due to increased implementation services and bank fees in line with new customer onboarding. The decrease in cost of revenues for
sale of kiosks revenues for the year ended December 31, 2018, compared to December 31, 2017, was primarily due to the decrease
in kiosks sold during 2018.

 

Sales and marketing

 

The increase in sales
and marketing for the year ended December 31, 2018, compared to December 31, 2017, was primarily a result of increased headcount
and increased sales conferences expenses, including travel.

 



    34
     
    

 

Research and development

 

The increase in research
and development for the year ended December 31, 2018, compared to December 31, 2017, was primarily due to increased headcount associated
with expansion of our existing technology platform as well as new product development.

 

General and administrative

 

The increase in general
and administrative costs for the year ended December 31, 2018 is primarily due to increased headcount and transaction related costs
associated with CityBase’s Series C preferred stock issuance and expenses incurred in connection with the merger with GTY
(see footnote 16 in accompanying financial statements).

 

Other Income (Expense), net

 

The increase in expenses
under other income (expense), net for the year ended December 31, 2018 compared to December 31, 2017, was primarily due to the
change in fair value convertible notes payable (see footnote 9 in accompanying financial statements).

 

Cash Flows

 



      
    Years ended December 31, 

      
    2018  
    2017 

    Net cash (used in) provided by: 
        
       

    Operating activities 
    $(9,276,993) 
    $(3,102,250)

    Investing activities 
     (237,750) 
     (212,176)

    Financing activities 
     12,669,463  
     3,188,208 

    Net increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents 
    $3,154,720  
    $(126,218)


 

Operating Activities

 

For the year ended
December 31, 2018, cash used in operations was approximately $9.3 million, resulting from a net loss of approximately $13.3 million,
offset by aggregate non-cash expenses of approximately $2.5 million and changes in operating assets and liabilities of approximately
$1.6 million.

 

For the year ended
December 31, 2017, cash used in operations was approximately $3.1 million, resulting from a net loss of approximately $7.5 million,
offset by aggregate non-cash expenses of approximately $540,000 and changes in operating assets and liabilities of approximately
$3.8 million.

 

Investing Activities

 

For the year ended
December 31, 2018, cash used in investing activities was approximately $238,000, resulting from purchases of property and equipment
of approximately $228,000, purchase of loan receivable from related party of $25,000, and offset by sales of property and equipment
of $15,000.

 

For the year ended
December 31, 2017, cash used in investing activities was approximately $212,000, resulting from purchases of property and equipment
of approximately $173,000, purchase of loan receivable from related party of $150,000, and offset by cash acquired in DOBT acquisition
of approximately $111,000.

 

Financing Activities

 

For the year ended
December 31, 2018, cash provided from financing was approximately $12.7 million, primarily resulting from proceeds from the issuance
of Series C preferred stock of approximately $10.0 million, the issuance of $4.0 million in convertible notes payable, and offset
by the repayment of a $1.0 million credit facility and $2.0 million subordinated debt.

 



    35
     
    

 

For the year ended
December 31, 2017, cash provided from financing was approximately $3.2 million, primarily resulting from proceeds from the issuance
of Series B preferred stock of approximately $2.3 million and the issuance of a $1.0 million credit facility.

 

Related Party Activities

 

During May 2017, we
advanced funds in the amount of $150,000 to an officer under the terms of a promissory note agreement (“the Note”).
The officer shall pay the entire unpaid principal in full on May 4, 2020, or on the maturity date of any renewal of the Note. Interest
is payable annually in arrears. During May 2018, we advanced additional funds in the amount of $25,000 to the same officer under
the terms of a promissory note agreement (“the Second Note”). The officer shall pay the entire unpaid principal in
full on May 10, 2021, or on the maturity date of any renewal of the Second Note. Interest is payable annually in arrears.

 

The unpaid principal
balance for the Note and the Second Note bears interest at an annual rate equal to the Applicable Federal Rate, which is acknowledged
to be 1.15% as of December 31, 2018. Accrued interest for the Note and the Second Note of $1,909 and $1,134 as of December 31,
2018 and December 31, 2017, respectively, was included with the outstanding principal balance. The Note, the Second Note and aforementioned
guarantee are collateralized by shares of CityBase’s common stock held by the officer. Upon completion of the merger, principal
and accrued interest were paid off effective February 19, 2019.

 

Annual principal payments
required under the terms of the Note and Second Note for the succeeding years
ending December 31, 2018 are estimated to be as follows:

 



       
    Principal Payments 

    2019 
    $- 

    2020 
     150,000 

    2021 
     25,000 

    Total 
    $175,000 


 

Commitments and Contingencies 

 

Operating Leases

 

We have operating
lease agreements for office spaces with third parties. Our primary office facility lease in Chicago, Illinois expires November
2021. We are responsible for property taxes, electricity, insurance, and routine maintenance. The lease is secured by a $116,000
letter of credit which can be reduced by $37,613 and $39,433 on the one year and two year anniversaries, respectively, of the rent
commencement date.

 

The following is a
schedule of future minimum rental payments required under non-cancelable operating leases for the succeeding years ending December
31, 2018:

 



       
    Amount 

    2019 
    $649,641 

    2020 
     661,845 

    2021 
     458,033 

    Total 
    $1,769,520 


 

We sublease one of
their Chicago, Illinois offices to a non-related party under terms expiring on December 31, 2020.

 

The following is a
schedule by year of future minimum rental payments required under noncancelable operating sub-leases as sub-lessor as of December
31, 2018:

 



    Year  
    Amount 

    2019 
    $146,890 

    2020 
     149,868 

    Total 
    $296,758 


 



    36
     
    

 

Capital Leases

 

We have various capital
leases that expire at various dates through January 2023. At December 31, 2018, the future minimum lease payments under capital
leases for the succeeding years ended December 31, 2018 are presented as follows:

 



    2019 
    $227,150 

    2020 
     175,274 

    2021 
     140,400 

    2022 
     33,290 

    2023 
     666 

    Total minimum lease payments 
     576,780 

    Less: amount representing interest, 
       

    maintenance, and warranties 
     (170,388)

    Present value of minimum lease payments 
     406,392 

    Less: current portion 
     (138,530)

    Non current portion 
    $267,862 


 

Litigation

 

We are party to a
dispute and legal actions which arose in the ordinary course of business. While we believe we have meritorious defenses against
the suit, there is a reasonable possibility that the ultimate resolution of this matter could result in a negative outcome for
us. Given the early stages of the litigation, the range of potential loss is inestimable. Therefore, no additional disclosure or
accrual is required.

 

Off-balance sheet arrangements

 

We did not have during
the periods presented, and we do not currently have, any off-balance sheet arrangements, as defined in the SEC rules and regulations.

 



    37
     
    

 

eCivis’s Management’s Discussion
and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations

 

References to “we”,
“us”, “our” or the “Company” are to eCivis, Inc., except where the context requires otherwise. The
following discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with the financial
statements and related notes thereto of eCivis, Inc. included elsewhere in this report. This discussion contains forward-looking
statements that involve risks and uncertainties. Our actual results could differ materially from those discussed below. Factors
that could cause or contribute to such differences include, but are not limited to, those identified below and those discussed
in the section titled “Risk Factors” included elsewhere in this report.

 

Overview

 

We are a Delaware
corporation headquartered in Los Angeles, CA, and are a leading Software as a Service (“SaaS”) provider of grants management
and indirect cost reimbursement solutions that enable our customers to standardize and streamline complex grant processes in a
fully integrated platform. Our platform consists of four core cloud-based products including grants research, grants management,
sub-recipient management, and cost allocation and recovery. To assist our customers in the implementation of our cloud-based products,
we offer one-time implementation services including data integration, grants migration and change management. Additionally, we
provide ongoing grants management training and cost allocation plan consulting.

 

We focus our sales
and marketing efforts toward local, state and tribal governments and sell our solutions to this market primarily through our direct
sales force. The length of our sales cycle depends on the size of the potential customer and contract, as well as the type of solution
or product being purchased. The sales cycle of our state government customer is generally longer than that of our local government
customer. As we continue to focus on increasing our average contract size and selling more advanced products, we expect our sales
cycle to lengthen and become less predictable, which could cause variability in our results for any particular period. Additionally,
the nature, complexity and extent of our implementations will also increase which may increase our professional services revenues
as a percentage of our overall revenues.

 

We have historically
signed a higher percentage of agreements with new customers in June, September and December which correlates with the budget start
dates of our target markets. As the terms of most of our customer agreements are measured in full year increments, agreements initially
entered into these months will generally come up for renewal at that same time in subsequent years. This seasonality is reflected
in our revenues as we recognize subscription revenue ratably over the term of the customer contract.

 

On March 12, 2018,
we acquired certain assets and contract liabilities of CostTree LLC and CostTree Holdings LLC. The transaction was recorded as
a business combination.

 

On September 12, 2018,
we entered into a definitive agreement relating to the Business Combination. On February 15, 2019, the Business Combination was
approved by the shareholders of GTY Cayman. On February 19, 2019, the Business Combination was consummated.

 

Liquidity

 

We have incurred net
losses of $1,071,558 and $226,435 for the years ended December 31, 2018 and 2017, respectively, and had net cash used in operating
activities of approximately $575,345 and $308,713 for the years ended December 31, 2018 and 2017, respectively. We believe
that these matters, amongst others, raise doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern. 

 

As of December 31,
2018, we had cash of $133,942 and a working deficit of $1,642,490.  As such, we anticipated that we would have to raise
additional funds and/or generate revenue within twelve months to continue operations. Additional funding would be needed to implement
our business plan. Obtaining additional funding would be subject to a number of factors, including general market conditions, investor
acceptance of our business plan and results from our business operations. These factors may impact the timing, amount, terms or
conditions of additional financing available to us. If we were unable to raise sufficient funds, we may be forced to scale back
our operations or cease operations.

 

Pursuant to the Business
Combination, we received aggregate consideration of approximately $14.7 million in cash and 2,883,433 shares of New GTY common
stock valued at $10.00 per share. We have determined that this action taken mitigates the substantial doubt raised by our historical
operating results and satisfies our funding needs twelve months from the issuance our financial statements.

 



    38
     
    

 

Revenues

 

Subscription and support

 

We derived approximately
91% of our revenue from subscriptions to our cloud-based software platform and approximately 9% from professional services for
the year ended December 31, 2018. Our subscriptions are typically one to three years in length. We price our subscriptions based
on a number of factors, primarily the number of users having access to the products and the number of products purchased by the
customer. Subscription revenue is recognized ratably over the term of the agreement. The first year of subscription fees are typically
payable within 30 days after execution of a contract, and annually thereafter upon renewal.

 

Professional services

 

Professional services
consisting of our implementation, training and consulting services are generally billed in advance on a fixed fee basis and recognized
over time as services are performed.

 

Cost of revenues

 

Subscription and support

 

Subscription and support
cost of revenues primarily consists of payroll and related costs pertaining to our grants research personnel, partnership fees
incurred to enhance our products and amortization of acquired intangibles resulting from the CostTree acquisition.

 

Professional services

 

Professional services
cost of revenues primarily consists of payroll and related costs associated with our implementations personnel, third-party consultant
fees and travel costs.

 

Operating expenses

 

Sales and marketing

 

Sales and marketing
expense primarily consists of payroll and related costs associated with our sales personnel, travel costs, conferences and trade
shows, commissions expense, and amortization of acquired intangibles resulting from the CostTree acquisition.

 

In connection with
the adoption of ASC 606, we recognize an asset for the incremental and recoverable costs of obtaining a contract with a customer
if we expect the benefit of those costs to be one year or longer. We have determined that certain sales incentive programs to the
Company’s employees (“prepaid commissions”) meet the requirements to be capitalized. Prepaid commissions related
to new revenue contracts and upsells are deferred and then expensed on a straight-line basis over the expected period benefit,
which we have determined is the non-cancellable contractual period, based upon the estimated customer life and supported by historical
performance in renewing these contracts.

 

Total expense related
to the asset recognized from the costs to obtain a contract with a customer is included in sales and marketing in the statement
of operations and was $51,784 and $41,840 for the years ended December 31, 2018 and 2017, respectively.

 

Research and development 

 

Research and development
expense primarily consists of payroll and related costs associated with our research and development personnel, hosting and technology
costs to support our software development, and consulting fees.

 

General and administrative

 

General and administrative
expense primarily consists of payroll and related costs associated with our management, office, and accounting personnel, rent,
professional fees associated with our legal, accounting and recruiting services, travel cost of general administrative personnel,
bad debt expense, and amortization of acquired intangibles resulting from the CostTree acquisition.

 



    39
     
    

 

Other Income (expense)

 

Other income (expense)
primarily consists of one-time transaction costs associated with the proposed Business Combination, changes in contingent consideration
related to the CostTree acquisition, sublease income and losses, interest income and expense, and gains and losses on sales of
marketable securities.

 

Critical accounting policies and
significant judgments and estimates

 

Management’s discussion
and analysis of financial condition and results of operations are based upon our accompanying financial statements, which have
been prepared in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles, or U.S. GAAP, and which requires us to make estimates
and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenue and expenses, and related disclosure of contingent
assets and liabilities. We base our estimates on historical experience and on various other assumptions that we believe are reasonable
under the circumstances. These estimates are the basis for our judgments about the carrying values of assets and liabilities, which
in turn may impact our reported revenue and expenses. Our actual results could differ significantly from these estimates under
different assumptions or conditions.

 

An accounting policy
is deemed to be critical if it requires an accounting estimate to be made based on assumptions about matters that are highly uncertain
at the time the estimate is made, and if different estimates that reasonably could have been used, or changes in the accounting
estimate that are reasonably likely to occur periodically, could materially impact the consolidated financial statements.

 

Revenue Recognition

 

We adopted the Financial
Accounting Standards Board (“FASB”) new revenue recognition accounting framework, Accounting Standards Codification
606, Revenue from Contracts with Customers (“ASC 606”), on January 1, 2017 using the full retrospective approach.
The adoption of this standard did not have a material impact on prior revenue recognition or on opening equity, as the timing and
measurement of revenue recognition for the Company is materially the same under ASC 606 as it was under the prior relevant guidance.

 

For contracts where
the period between when we transfer a promised service to the customer and when our customer pays is one year or less, we have
elected the practical expedient to not adjust the promised amount of consideration for the effects of a significant financing component.
We have made a policy election to exclude from the measurement of the transaction price all taxes assessed by a government authority
that are both imposed on and concurrent with a specific revenue producing transaction and collected by us from a customer. Such
taxes may include but are not limited to sales, use, value added and certain excise taxes. 

 

We derive our revenues
primarily from subscription services and professional services.

 

Subscription services revenues

 

Subscription services
revenues primarily consist of fees that provide customers access to either our grants management or cost allocation cloud applications.
Revenue is generally recognized on a ratable basis over the contract term beginning on the date that our service is made available
as the customer simultaneously receives and consumes the benefits of the services throughout the contract term. Our subscription
contracts are generally one to three years in length, billed annually in advance and payments are due within thirty days of the
invoice date.

 

Professional services revenues

 

Professional services
revenues primarily consist of fees for data integration with the customer’s systems and our grant management application,
migration of grants, training, and grant writing services. The majority of our professional services for data integration and grant
migration are billed in advance on a fixed price basis and recognized over time based on the proportion performed. For years preceding
December 31, 2018, we recognized these services from ninety to one hundred and twenty days from the execution date of the contract.
For training and grant writing services, revenue is recognized over time as the services are performed.

 



    40
     
    

 

Significant judgments

 

Our contracts with
customers often include promises to transfer multiple products and services. Determining whether products and services are considered
distinct performance obligations that should be accounted for separately versus together may require significant judgment. Judgment
is also required to determine the stand-alone selling price (“SSP”) for each distinct performance obligation as well
as the satisfaction of performance obligations related to our professional services revenue. We typically have more than one stand-alone
selling price for our SaaS solutions and professional services. Additionally, we have determined that there are no third-party
offerings reasonably comparable to our solutions. Therefore, we determine the SSPs of subscriptions to the SaaS solutions and professional
services based on numerous factors including our overall pricing objectives, customer size, number of users, and discounting practices.
Professional services related to our data integration and grant migration include performance obligations that are generally satisfied
between ninety and one-hundred twenty days from the inception of the contract and management recognizes the corresponding revenue
accordingly. The measurement of these performance obligations related to these services requires significant judgments based on
historical past performance.

 

Contract liabilities

 

Contract liabilities
primarily consist of amounts that have been billed to or received from customers in advance of revenue recognition and prepayments
received from customers in advance for subscription services to our SaaS offerings and related implementation and training. We
recognize contract liabilities as revenues when the services are performed and the corresponding revenue recognition criteria are
met. Customer prepayments are generally applied against invoices issued to customers when services are performed and billed. Contract
liabilities that are expected to be recognized as revenues during the succeeding twelve-month period are recorded in current liabilities
as contract liabilities, and the remaining portion is recorded in long-term liabilities as contract liabilities, noncurrent.

 

Assets recognized from the costs to
obtain a contract with a customer

 

We recognize an asset
for the incremental and recoverable costs of obtaining a contract with a customer if we expect the benefit of those costs to be
one year or longer. We have determined that certain sales incentive programs to our employees (“prepaid commissions”)
meet the requirements to be capitalized. Prepaid commissions related to new revenue contracts and upsells are deferred and then
amortized on a straight-line basis over the expected period benefit, which we have determined is the non-cancellable contractual
period, based upon the estimated customer life and supported by historical performance in renewing these contracts.

 

Stock-based compensation 

 

We account for stock-based
compensation awards granted to employees and directors based on the awards’ estimated grant date fair value. We estimate
the fair value of stock options using the Black-Scholes option-pricing model. The resulting fair value is recognized on a straight-line
basis over the period during which an employee is required to provide service in exchange for the award, usually the vesting period,
which is generally four years. We recognize the fair value of stock options, net of estimated forfeitures, using the graded vesting
method. As of January 1, 2017, we no longer use a forfeiture rate to recognize compensation expense as a result of the adoption
of ASU No. 2016-09, “Improvements to Employee Share-Based Payment Accounting.”

 

We value stock options
using the Black-Scholes option-pricing model, which requires the input of subjective assumptions, including the risk-free interest
rate, expected life, expected stock price volatility and dividend yield. The risk-free interest rate assumption is based upon observed
interest rates for constant maturity U.S. Treasury securities consistent with the expected term of the employee stock options.
The expected life represents the period of time the stock options are expected to be outstanding and is based on the simplified
method. Under the simplified method, the expected life of an option is presumed to be the mid-point between the vesting date and
end of the contractual term. We use the simplified method due to the lack of sufficient historical exercise data to provide a reasonable
basis upon which to otherwise estimate the expected life of the stock options. Expected volatility is based on historical volatilities
for publicly traded stock of comparable companies over the estimated expected life of the stock options. We have assumed no dividend
yield because we do not expect to pay dividends in the near future, which is consistent with our history of not paying dividends.

 

We value restricted
stock units at the closing market price on the date of grant, and recognize compensation expense ratably over the requisite service
period of the restricted stock unit award.

 



    41
     
    

 

Impairment of Long-lived Assets,
Goodwill and Intangible Assets Subject to Amortization

 

We periodically review
the carrying values of our long-lived assets whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying value may not
be recoverable. When events indicate that an asset may be impaired and the estimated undiscounted cash flows are less than the
carrying amount of the asset, the impaired asset is adjusted to its estimated fair value and an impairment loss is recorded.

 

Recent accounting pronouncements

 

See Note 2 to
our financial statements beginning on page F-1 for a description of recent accounting pronouncements applicable to our financial
statements.

 

Results of Operations for the years
ended December 31, 2018 and 2017

 



      
    Year ended  
    Year ended  
    Change 

      
    December 31, 2018  
    December 31, 2017  
    $  
    % 

      
       
       
       
      

    Revenues 
        
        
        
       

    Subscription and support 
    $4,494,489  
    $4,340,344  
    $154,145  
     4%

    Professional services 
     456,780  
     254,154  
     202,626  
     80%

    Total revenues 
     4,951,269  
     4,594,498  
     356,771  
     8%

    Cost of revenues 
        
        
        
       

    Subscription and support 
     1,280,004  
     849,348  
     430,656  
     51%

    Professional services 
     452,340  
     382,756  
     69,584  
     18%

    Total cost of revenues 
     1,732,344  
     1,232,104  
     500,240  
     41%

    Gross profit 
     3,218,925  
     3,362,394  
     (143,469) 
     -4%

    Operating expenses 
        
        
        
       

    Sales and marketing 
     1,217,218  
     991,105  
     226,113  
     23%

    Research and development 
     1,327,829  
     1,101,827  
     226,002  
     21%

    General and administrative 
     1,663,370  
     1,394,517  
     268,853  
     19%

    Total operating expenses 
     4,208,417  
     3,487,449  
     720,968  
     21%

    Loss from operations 
     (989,492) 
     (125,055) 
     (864,437) 
     691%

    Other income (expense) 
        
        
        
       

    Interest income 
     11,785  
     46,815  
     (35,030) 
     -75%

    Interest expense 
     (16,988) 
     (8,414) 
     (8,574) 
     102%

    Sublease income 
     73,225  
     99,111  
     (25,886) 
     -26%

    Loss on sublease 
     -  
     (75,755) 
     75,755  
     -100%

    Change in fair value of contingent consideration 
     52,000  
     -  
     52,000  
     100%

    Acquisition costs 
     (204,686) 
     -  
     (204,686) 
     100%

    Gain (loss) on sales of marketable securities 
     2,598  
     (163,137) 
     165,735  
     -102%

    Other income (expense), net 
     (82,066) 
     (101,380) 
     19,314  
     -19%

    Net loss 
    $(1,071,558) 
    $(226,435) 
    $(845,123) 
     373%


 

Revenues

 

The increase in revenues
for the year ended December 31, 2018, compared to the year ended December 31, 2017, was primarily due to a $203,000 increase in
professional services and $154,000 increase in subscription revenues. The increase in the professional services was driven primarily
by a $145,000 increase in billings of data integration and grants migration services present in advanced implementations. Our subscription
revenues increased by $154,000 or 4% due to an approximate 34% increase in annual contract values offset by a 17% decrease in customers.

 

Cost of revenues

 

The increase in cost
of revenues for the year ended December 31, 2018, compared to the year ended December 31, 2017, was primarily due to a $321,000
increase in partnership fees pertaining to expanding certain functionality of our products, a $122,000 increase in payroll and
related costs and a $69,000 increase in amortization expense due to the acquisition of CostTree offset by a $16,000 decrease in
consulting fees.

 

Sales and marketing

 

The increase in sales
and marketing expense for the year ended December 31, 2018, compared to the year ended December 31, 2017, was primarily due to
a $133,000 increase in payroll, commissions and related costs, a $58,000 increase in trade shows and conferences, a $42,000 increase
in amortization expense due to the acquisition of CostTree, and a $27,000 increase in travel costs offset by a $42,000 decrease
in consulting fees.

 



    42
     
    

 

Research and development

 

The increase in research
and development expense for the year ended December 31, 2018, compared to the year ended December 31, 2017, was primarily due to
a $152,000 increase in payroll and related costs and a $55,000 increase in hosting and technology costs.

 

General and administrative

 

The increase in general
and administrative expense for the year ended December 31, 2018, compared to the year ended December 31, 2017, was primarily due
to a $138,000 increase in related party insurance costs, a $92,000 increase in payroll and related costs, a $83,000 increase in
professional services fees due primarily to the acquisition of CostTree and recruiting fees, a $22,000 increase in amortization
expense due to the acquisition of CostTree, and a $17,000 increase in travel costs offset by a $101,000 decrease in rent expense
due to the lease expiration of two offices.

 

Other Income (Expense), net

 

The decrease in other
income (expense), net for the year ended December 31, 2018 compared to the year ended December 31, 2017, was primarily due to a
$166,000 decrease in loss on sales of marketable securities and a $76,000 decrease in losses from our sublease offset by $205,000
of acquisition costs related to the Business Combination.

 

Cash Flows

 



      
    Year ended  
    Year ended 

      
    December 31, 2018  
    December 31, 2017 

    Net cash flows used in operating activities 
    $(575,345) 
    $(308,713)

    Net cash flows from investing activities 
    $662,823  
    $1,285,377 

    Net cash flows used in financing activities 
    $(255,078) 
    $(946,267)


 

Operating Activities

 

Our net loss and cash
flows used in operating activities are significantly influenced by our investments in personnel, partnership expansion and transaction
costs associated with the Business Combination.

 

For the year ended
December 31, 2018, cash used in operations was approximately $575,000 resulting from a net loss of approximately $1,072,000 offset
by approximately $309,000 from changes in operating assets and liabilities and by approximately $188,000 of net non-cash expenses.
The $309,000 of cash flow provided from changes in operating assets and liabilities was primarily driven by a $250,000 increase
in accounts payable, $228,000 increase in contract liabilities, a $130,000 decrease in prepaid expenses and other current assets
offset by a $386,000 increase in accounts receivable. The $188,000 of cash flow provided by net non-cash expenses was primarily
driven by approximately $181,000 in depreciation and amortization expense incurred primarily from the acquisition of CostTree.

 

For the year ended
December 31, 2017, cash used in operations was approximately $309,000 resulting from a net loss of approximately $226,000 and approximately
$372,000 net cash used from changes in operating assets and liabilities offset by approximately $290,000 of net non-cash expenses.
The $372,000 of net cash used from changes in operating assets was primarily driven by an approximate $319,000 increase in prepaid
expenses and other current assets, and an approximate $269,000 decrease in contract liabilities offset by a $158,000 decrease in
accounts receivable. The 290,000 of cash flow provided by net non-cash expenses was primarily driven by a $163,000 loss from sales
of marketable securities.

 

Investing Activities

 

Our investing activities
consists primarily of investments and sales of marketable securities and capital expenditures.

 

For the years ended
December 31, 2018 and 2017, cash provided by investing activities was approximately $663,000 and $1,285,000, respectively. We sold
approximately $1,001,000 and $1,786,000 of marketable securities and purchased $336,000 and $469,000 during the years ended December
31, 2018 and 2017, respectively.

 



    43
     
    

 

Financing Activities

 

Our financing activities
consists primarily of repayments and proceeds from our line of credit and payments of contingent consideration associated with
our acquisition of CostTree.

 

For the years ended
December 31, 2018 and 2017, cash used in financing activities was $255,000 and 946,000, respectively. We made approximately $463,000
and $1,136,000 in repayments and borrowed $269,000 and $200,000 during the years ended December 31, 2018 and 2017, respectively.
During the year ended December 31, 2018, we sold our marketable securities and used the proceeds to repay our line of credit in
full. We made $50,000 in payments to CostTree LLC during the year ended December 31, 2018 pertaining to the contingent earn-out
resulting from our acquisition of CostTree.

 

Contractual Obligations

 

Operating leases
- We lease our office facilities under a non-cancelable operating lease, which expires in May 2022. Future minimum lease payments
are as follows:

 



    For the years ended December 31, 
      

      
      

    2019 
    $308,723 

    2020 
     308,723 

    2021 
     308,723 

    2022 
     128,635 

      
    $1,054,804 


 

In 2017, we entered
into an agreement to sublease a portion of the leased office space in Pasadena, CA to an unrelated party under a non-cancelable
lease that expires in May 2022. Our lease expense will be offset by payments due under the sublease as follows:

 



    For the years ended December 31, 
      

      
      

    2019 
    $62,882 

    2020 
     64,771 

    2021 
     66,713 

    2022 
     28,138 

      
    $222,504 


 

Upon execution of
the sublease, we recognized $75,755 in sublease liabilities which is amortized over the remaining life of the lease and recognized
as sublease rental income.

 

Capital leases—We
lease computer equipment under capital lease agreements. Outstanding principal payments under capital lease obligations were $7,782,
payable in full in 2019.

 

Litigation—From
time to time, we may become subject to legal proceedings, claims and litigation arising in the ordinary course of business. We
are not currently a party to any legal proceedings, nor is it aware of any pending or threatened litigation, that would have a
material adverse effect on our business, operating results, cash flows or financial condition should such litigation be resolved
unfavorably.

 

Indemnification—In
the ordinary course of business, we may provide indemnification of varying scope and terms to customers, vendors, investors, directors
and officers with respect to certain matters, including, but not limited to, losses arising out of our breach of such agreements,
services to be provided by us, or from intellectual property infringement claims made by third parties. These indemnification provisions
may survive termination of the underlying agreement and the maximum potential amount of future payments we could be required to
make under these indemnification provisions may not be subject to maximum loss clauses. The maximum potential amount of future
payments we could be required to make under these indemnification provisions is indeterminable. We have never paid a material claim,
nor have it been sued in connection with these indemnification arrangements. As of December 31, 2018 and 2017, we have not accrued
a liability for these indemnification arrangements because the likelihood of incurring a payment obligation, if any, in connection
with these indemnification arrangements is not probable or reasonably estimable.

 



    44
     
    

 

Off-balance sheet arrangements

 

We did not have during
the periods presented, and we do not currently have, any off-balance sheet arrangements, as defined in the SEC rules and regulations.

 



    45
     
    

 

Open Counter’s Management’s
Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations

 





As used herein, the terms “Open
Counter”, “we,” “our” and “us” refer to Open Counter Enterprises, Inc. The following
discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with the financial statements
and related notes thereto included elsewhere in this report. This discussion contains forward-looking statements that involve risks
and uncertainties. Our actual results could differ materially from those discussed below. Factors that could cause or contribute
to such differences include, but are not limited to, those identified below and those discussed in the section titled “Risk
Factors” included elsewhere in this report.

 

Overview

 

Open Counter Enterprises, Inc., a Delaware
corporation headquartered in San Francisco, California, is a developer and provider of software tools for cities to streamline
permitting and licensing services for municipal governments. We provide customers with software through a hosted platform and also
provide professional services related to software implementation. 

 

We had net losses of approximately $474,000
and $682,000 for the years ended December 31, 2018 and 2017, respectively, and had net cash used in operating activities of approximately
$83,000 and $452,000 for the years ended December 31, 2018 and 2017, respectively. We believe that these matters, amongst others,
raise doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern. 

 

As of December 31, 2018, we had cash of
$103,000 and a working capital deficit of $1.4 million. As such, we anticipate that we will need to raise additional funds and/or
generate revenue within twelve months. Additional funding will be needed to implement our business plan. Obtaining additional funding
will be subject to a number of factors, including general market conditions, investor acceptance of our business plan and results
from our business operations. These factors may impact the timing, amount, terms or conditions of additional financing available
to us. If we are unable to raise sufficient funds, we may be forced to scale back our operations or cease operations.

 

Business Combination

 

On September 12, 2018, we entered into
a definitive agreement relating to the Business Combination. On February 15, 2019, the Business Combination was approved by the
shareholders of GTY Cayman. On February 19, 2019, the Business Combination was consummated.

 

Pursuant to the Business Combination, Open
Counter received aggregate consideration of approximately $9.4 million in cash and 1,580,990 shares of Company common stock valued
at $10.00 per share.

 

Components of Operating Results

 

Revenues

 

We provide subscription services by allowing
customers to use our software without taking possession of the software. Subscription revenue is recognized ratably over the contract
term as the customer simultaneously receives and consumes the benefits of the subscription service as the service is made available
by us. We also provide professional services, including data collection, migration, normalization and configuration in which we
enhance an asset that the customer controls. Professional services revenue is recognized over time using an output method based
on milestones reached.

 

Cost of Revenues

 

Cost of revenues primarily consists of
costs related to software hosting costs, salaries and benefits of client services personnel, third-party service costs, and licensing
costs incurred pertaining to our services to customers.

 

Sales and Marketing

 

Sales and marketing expenses consist primarily
of compensation and employee benefits, marketing events, advertising costs, travel, and trade shows and conferences.  

 



    46
     
    

 

General and Administrative

 

General and administrative expenses consist
primarily of personnel costs associated with our executive, finance, legal, human resources, compliance, and other administrative
personnel, as well as accounting and legal professional services fees.

 

Critical Accounting Policies and Use of Estimates 

 

Management’s discussion and analysis of
financial condition and results of operations are based upon our accompanying financial statements, which have been prepared in
conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles, or U.S. GAAP, and which requires us to make estimates and assumptions
that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenue and expenses, and related disclosure of contingent assets and
liabilities. We base our estimates on historical experience and on various other assumptions that we believe are reasonable under
the circumstances. These estimates are the basis for our judgments about the carrying values of assets and liabilities, which in
turn may impact our reported revenue and expenses. Our actual results could differ significantly from these estimates under different
assumptions or conditions.

 

An accounting policy is deemed to be critical
if it requires an accounting estimate to be made based on assumptions about matters that are highly uncertain at the time the estimate
is made, and if different estimates that reasonably could have been used, or changes in the accounting estimate that are reasonably
likely to occur periodically, could materially impact the financial statements.

 

Revenue Recognition

 

We adopted the Financial Accounting Standards
Board (“FASB”) new revenue standard, Accounting Standards Codification 606, Revenue from Contracts with Customers
(“ASC 606”), on January 1, 2017 using the full retrospective approach. The adoption of this standard did not
have a material impact on prior revenue recognition or on opening equity, as the timing and measurement of revenue recognition
for us is materially the same under ASC 606 as it was under the prior relevant guidance.

 

With the adoption of Topic 606, revenue
is recognized upon transfer of control of promised products and services to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration
we expect to receive in exchange for those products or services. If the consideration promised in a contract includes a variable
amount, we include an estimate of the amount it expects to receive for the total transaction price if it is probable that a significant
reversal of cumulative revenue recognized will not occur.

 

We determine the amount of revenue to be
recognized through application of the following steps:

 


•Identification of the contract, or contracts with a customer;



•Identification of the performance obligations in the contract;



•Determination of the transaction price;



•Allocation of the transaction price to the performance
obligations in the contract; and



•Recognition of revenue when or as we satisfy the performance
obligations.


 

We provide subscription services by allowing
customers to use our software without taking possession of the software. Revenue is recognized ratably over the contract term as
the customer simultaneously receives and consumes the benefits of the subscription service as the service is made available by
us. For contracts where the period between when we transfer a promised service to the customer and when the customer pays is one
year or less, we have elected the practical expedient to not adjust the promised amount of consideration for the effects of a significant
financing component.

 

We have made a policy election to exclude
from the measurement of the transaction price all taxes assessed by a government authority that are both imposed on and concurrent
with a specific revenue producing transaction and collected by us from a customer. Such taxes may include but are not limited to
sales, use, value added and certain excise taxes. 

 



    47
     
    

 

Contract Liabilities

 

Contract liabilities primarily consist
of amounts that have been billed to or received from customers in advance of revenue recognition and prepayments received from
customers in advance for implementation and other services, as well as initial subscription fees. Open Counter recognizes contract
liabilities as revenues when the services are performed and the corresponding revenue recognition criteria are met. Customer prepayments
are generally applied against invoices issued to customers when services are performed and billed.

 

Accounts Receivable

 

Accounts receivable primarily consists
of amounts due from our customers, which are located throughout the United States. Accounts receivable are recorded at the invoiced
amount, do not require collateral, and do not bear interest. We estimate an allowance for doubtful accounts by evaluating specific
accounts where information indicates the customers may have an inability to meet financial obligations, such as bankruptcy and
significantly aged receivables outstanding. Uncollectible receivables are written-off in the period management believes it has
exhausted every opportunity to collect payment from the customer. Bad debt expense is recorded when events or circumstances indicate
an additional allowance is required based on our specific identification approach.

 

Stock-Based Compensation

 

Stock options and restricted stock awarded
to employees, directors and consultants are measured at fair value on the grant date. We recognize compensation expense ratably
over the requisite service period of the option or restricted stock. As of January 1, 2017, we no longer use a forfeiture rate
to recognize compensation expense as a result of the adoption of ASU No. 2016-09, “Improvements to Employee Share-Based
Payment Accounting.”

 

We value stock options using the Black-Scholes
option-pricing model, which requires the input of subjective assumptions, including the risk-free interest rate, expected life,
expected stock price volatility and dividend yield. The risk-free interest rate assumption is based upon observed interest rates
for constant maturity U.S. Treasury securities consistent with the expected term of employee stock options. The expected life represents
the period of time the stock options are expected to be outstanding and is based on the simplified method. Under the simplified
method, the expected life of an option is presumed to be the mid-point between the vesting date and end of the contractual term.
We used the simplified method due to the lack of sufficient historical exercise data to provide a reasonable basis upon which to
otherwise estimate the expected life of the stock options. Expected volatility is based on historical volatilities for publicly
traded stock of comparable companies over the estimated expected life of the stock options. We have assumed no dividend yield because
we do not expect to pay dividends in the near future, which is consistent with our history of not paying dividends.

 

We value restricted stock at the closing
market price on the date of grant, and recognize compensation expense ratably over the requisite service period of the restricted
stock.

 

Recent accounting pronouncements

 

See Note 3 to our financial statements
for a description of recent accounting pronouncements applicable to our financial statements.

 



    48
     
    

 

Results of Operations for the Years
Ended December 31, 2018 and 2017

 

The following table reflects our operating
results for the years ended December 31, 2018 and 2017:

 



      
    For the year ended December 31,  
       
    Percentage 

      
    2018  
    2017  
    Dollar Change  
    Change 

      
       
    (Unaudited)  
       
      

    Revenues 
        
        
        
       

    Subscription services 
    $1,419,842  
    $1,071,209  
    $348,633  
     33%

    Professional services 
     287,400  
     462,665  
     (175,265) 
     -38%

    Total revenues 
     1,707,242  
     1,533,874  
     173,368  
     11%

    Cost of revenues 
        
        
        
       

    Cost of subscription services 
     216,053  
     176,515  
     39,538  
     22%

    Cost of professional services 
     282,429  
     257,370  
     25,059  
     10%

    Total costs of services 
     498,482  
     433,885  
     64,597  
     15%

    Gross profit 
     1,208,760  
     1,099,989  
     108,771  
     10%

      
        
        
        
       

    Operating expenses 
        
        
        
       

    Sales and marketing 
     10,253  
     46,552  
     (36,299) 
     -78%

    General and administrative 
     1,563,170  
     1,670,850  
     (107,680) 
     -6%

    Total operating expenses 
     1,573,423  
     1,717,402  
     (143,979) 
     -8%

    Loss from operations 
     (364,663) 
     (617,413) 
     252,750  
     -41%

      
        
        
        
       

    Other income (expense): 
        
        
        
       

    Interest income 
     1  
     36  
     (35) 
     -97%

    Interest expense 
     (118,887) 
     (64,766) 
     (54,121) 
     84%

    Other income 
     10,000  
     -  
     10,000  
     0%

    Loss on sale of asset 
     (807) 
     -  
     (807) 
     0%

    Total other income (expense) 
     (109,693) 
     (64,730) 
     (44,963) 
     69%

    Net loss 
    $(474,356) 
    $(682,143) 
    $207,787  
     -30%


 

Revenues

 

Revenues incurred
during the year ended December 31, 2018 were approximately $1.7 million compared to $1.5 million in the prior period.

 

Subscription services
revenues incurred during the year ended December 31, 2018 were approximately $1.4 million compared to $1.1 million in the prior
period. Through December 31, 2018, we have added five new customers and have also upgraded services to five additional customers,
providing access to our new Residential Portal.

 

Professional services
revenues incurred during the year ended December 31, 2018 were approximately $287,000 compared to $463,000 in the prior period.
Revenue decreases in this category are largely due to the completion of a custom implementation for the City of Boston, which moved
into a maintenance agreement in November of 2017.

 

Cost of revenues

 

Cost of revenues
incurred during the year ended December 31, 2018 were approximately $498,000 compared to $434,000 in the prior period.

 


•Cost of subscriptions services incurred during the year ended December 31, 2018 were approximately
$216,000 compared to $177,000 in the prior period. In the period ended December 31, 2018, we added additional tooling to enhance
the subscription services that we provide and brought on an additional employee to service accounts.

 



    49
     
    

 


•Cost of professional services incurred during the year ended December 31, 2018 were approximately
$282,000 compared to $257,000 in the prior period. Increases in cost of professional services are due to the hiring of an additional
member of our accounts team in 2018, who services additional projects with new customers.

 

Operating expenses

 

Operating expenses
incurred during the year ended December 31, 2018 were approximately $1.6 million compared to $1.7 million in the prior period.
The changes resulted from:

 


·Decrease in sales and marketing of approximately $36,000 resulted from reduced expenditures on
online marketing and other promotional activities.


·Decrease in general and administrative of approximately $108,000 resulted from the termination
of a full-time sales representative on August 11, 2017.

 

Other income (expense)

 

Other expenses
incurred during the year ended December 31, 2018 were approximately $110,000 compared to $65,000 in the prior period. The increase
in interest expense of approximately $54,000 is due primarily to interest incurred on additional borrowings under the Lighter Capital
promissory note, which occurred on December 17, 2017. The increase in other income of $10,000 resulted from an award received from
the U.S. Conference of Mayors.

 

Liquidity

 



      
    For the year ended December 31, 

      
    2018  
    2017 

      
       
    (Unaudited) 

    Net cash (used in) provided by: 
        
       

    Operating activities 
    $(83,293) 
    $(451,900)

    Investing activities 
     1,200  
     (7,360)

    Financing activities 
     (5,363) 
     191,026 

    Net decrease in cash 
    $(87,456) 
    $(268,234)


 

Operating Activities

 

Net
cash used in operating activities of approximately $83,000 for the year ended December 31, 2018 was primarily a result of our net
loss of approximately $474,000, and changes of approximately $378,000 in operating assets and liabilities, partially offset by
approximately $7,000 of depreciation and amortization of property and equipment, and approximately $5,000 in stock-based compensation
expenses.

 

Net
cash used in operating activities of approximately $452,000 for the year ended December 31, 2017 was primarily a result of our
net loss of approximately $682,000, and changes of approximately $180,000 in operating assets and liabilities, partially offset
by approximately $7,000 of depreciation and amortization of property and equipment and approximately $43,000 in stock-based compensation
expenses.

 

Investing Activities

 

Net
cash provided by investing activities of approximately $1,000 for the year ended December 31, 2018 resulted from proceeds from
the disposition of property and equipment.

 

Net
cash used in investing activities of approximately $7,000 for the year ended December 31, 2017 resulted from our purchase of computer
equipment and a security deposit.

 



    50
     
    

 

Financing Activities

 

Net
cash used in financing activities of approximately $5,000 for the year ended December 31, 2018 resulted from principal payments
of approximately $56,000 on notes payable to Lighter Capital and net borrowings of approximately $50,000 on line of credit.

 

Net
cash provided by financing activities of approximately $191,000 for the year ended December 31, 2017 mainly resulted from principal
payments of approximately $66,000 and a borrowing of approximately $256,000 on notes payable to Lighter Capital.

 

Contractual Obligations

 

Legal Proceedings

 

From time to time, we may become involved
in legal proceedings arising in the ordinary course of its business. We are not presently a party to any legal proceedings that,
if determined adversely to us, would have a material adverse effect on us.

 

Indemnification

 

In the ordinary course of business, we
may provide indemnification of varying scope and terms to customers, vendors, investors, directors and officers with respect to
certain matters, including, but not limited to, losses arising out of our breach of such agreements, services to be provided by
us, or from intellectual property infringement claims made by third parties. These indemnification provisions may survive termination
of the underlying agreement and the maximum potential amount of future payments we could be required to make under these indemnification
provisions may not be subject to maximum loss clauses. The maximum potential amount of future payments we could be required to
make under these indemnification provisions is indeterminable. We have never paid a material claim, nor have it been sued in connection
with these indemnification arrangements. As of December 31, 2018, the we have not accrued a liability for these indemnification
arrangements because the likelihood of incurring a payment obligation, if any, in connection with these indemnification arrangements
is not probable or reasonably estimable.

 

Off-balance sheet arrangements

 

We did not have during the periods presented,
and we do not currently have, any off-balance sheet arrangements, as defined in the SEC rules and regulations.

 



    51
     
    

 

Questica’s Management’s
Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations



 



The following discussion
and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with the financial statements and
related notes thereto included elsewhere in this report. This discussion contains forward-looking statements that involve risks
and uncertainties. Our actual results could differ materially from those discussed below. Factors that could cause or contribute
to such differences include, but are not limited to, those identified below and those discussed in the section titled “Risk
Factors” included elsewhere in this report.

 

As used herein,
the terms “Questica”, “we,” “our” and “us” refer to Questica, Inc., Questica USCDN
Inc. and its consolidated subsidiary as a combined entity.

 

Unless otherwise
specified, financial amounts included herein are expressed in Canadian Dollars, Questica’s functional currency.

 

Company Overview 

 

Questica, Inc., Questica
USCDN Inc. and its wholly owned subsidiary Questica Ltd., design and develop capital and operating budgeting software. The Questica
suite of products are part of a comprehensive web-based budgeting preparation, performance, management and data visualization solution
that enables public sector and non-profit organizations to improve and shorten their budgeting cycles.

 

Questica Inc. was
organized in 1998 as an Ontario corporation. Questica Inc. maintains two offices located in Burlington, Ontario, Canada and serves
the Healthcare, K-12, Higher Education and Local Government verticals in North America.

 

Questica USCDN was
organized in 2017 as an Ontario corporation and Questica Ltd. was incorporated in 2017, in the United States (U.S.) as a Delaware
corporation. Questica Ltd. is located in Huntington Beach, California, primarily serving the non-profit market and services a limited
number of customers in the public and private sector. The majority of the Questica Ltd.’s customers are located in the U.S.
and Canada, and as well as some international customers, primarily located in the United Kingdom and Africa.

 

The combined financial
statements include the accounts of Questica, Inc. and Questica, USCDN Inc., which constitute entities under common control. All
intercompany balances and transactions have been eliminated.

 

Acquisition of PowerPlan Corporation

 

On June 20, 2017,
pursuant to the terms of an asset purchase agreement, we acquired all of the assets and operations of PowerPlan Corporation (“PowerPlan”),
which provides business performance management solutions, including budgeting software products and the associated or related services
including support services.

 

The total consideration
transferred was measured at its acquisition-date fair value of approximately $3.5 million.

 

Business Combination

 

On September 12, 2018,
we entered into a definitive agreement relating to the Business Combination. On February 15, 2019, the Business Combination was
approved by the shareholders of GTY Cayman. On February 19, 2019, the Business Combination was consummated. Upon the Closing on
February 19, 2019, the Company indirectly acquired Questica for aggregate consideration of approximately $44.4 million in
cash and an aggregate of 2,600,000 Class A exchangeable shares in the capital stock of Questica Exchangeco and 1,000,000 Class
B exchangeable shares in the capital stock of Questica Exchangeco, each of which is exchangeable into shares of Company common
stock, that were issued to the holders of Questica capital stock (the “Questica Holders”). In accordance with the Questica
Shareholder Agreement, dated as of February 12, 2019, by and among the Company and certain Questica Holders (the “Questica
Shareholder Agreement”), 500,000 Class C exchangeable shares in the capital stock of Questica Exchangeco may be redeemable
at the sole discretion of the Company at any time for $5.0 million plus all accrued and unpaid dividends, and may be exchanged
for shares of Company common stock beginning on the sixty-first day following the Closing for a number of shares of Company common
stock equal to $5.0 million plus accrued and unpaid dividends divided by the lesser of (i) $10.00 or (ii) the 5-day volume weighted
average price (“VWAP”) at the time of exchange. For so long as the Class C exchangeable shares remain outstanding,
they accumulate a dividend of 5.0% per annum for the first sixty days following the Closing and 10.0% per annum thereafter. The
Class A exchangeable shares in the capital stock of Questica Exchangeco are subject to transfer restrictions for one year, which
such transfer restrictions may be lifted earlier if, subsequent to the Closing, (i) the last sale price of the Company’s
common stock equals or exceeds $12.00 per share (as adjusted for share splits, share dividends, reorganizations, recapitalizations
and the like) for any 20 trading days within any 30-trading day period commencing at least 150 days after Closing, or (ii) the
Company consummates a subsequent liquidation, merger, share exchange or other similar transaction which results in all of its shareholders
having the right to exchange their shares of Company common stock for cash, securities or other property. In addition, approximately
$0.1 million in cash and 800,000 exchangeable shares were deposited into escrow for a period of one year to cover certain indemnification
obligations of the Questica Holders.

 



    52
     
    

 

Revenue

 

All revenue-generating
activities are directly related to the sale, implementation and support of our solutions within a single operating segment. We
derive the substantial majority of our revenues from subscription fees for the use of its solutions hosted in our data centers
as well as revenues for implementation and customer support services related to our solutions. A small portion of our customers
host our solutions in their own data centers under term license and maintenance agreements, and we recognize the corresponding
revenues ratably over the term of those customer agreements.

 

Software License Revenues

 

We provide customers
with the right to use software as it exists when made available. Customers purchase these licenses upfront. Revenues from distinct
licenses are recognized upfront when the software is made available to the customer, as this is when the customer has the risks
and rewards of the right to use software.

 

Hosting Revenue

 

We also provide hosting
services for which revenue is recognized over time as the services are provided, which is ratably over the contract term.

 

Professional Services Revenues

 

Our professional services
contracts generate revenue on a time and materials basis. Revenues are recognized as the services are rendered for time and materials
contracts as the customer simultaneously receives and consumes the benefits of the professional service on a continuous basis.

 

Cost of Revenues

 

Cost of revenues is
comprised primarily of salaries and other personnel-related costs, including employee benefits, bonuses and stock-based compensation,
for employees providing services to our customers. Costs associated with these services include the costs of our implementation,
customer support, data center and customer training personnel, as well as costs related to research and development personnel who
perform implementation and customer support services. Cost of revenues also includes the direct costs of bill-pay and other third-party
intellectual property included in our solutions, the amortization of deferred solution and services costs, co-location facility
costs and depreciation of our data center assets, an allocation of general overhead costs and referral fees. Direct costs of third-party
intellectual property include amounts paid for third-party licenses and related maintenance that are incorporated into our software
and the amortization of acquired technology from our recent acquisitions, with the costs amortized to cost of revenues over the
useful lives of the purchased assets.

 



    53
     
    

 

Critical Accounting Policies and Use of Estimates 

 

Management’s discussion
and analysis of financial condition and results of operations are based upon our accompanying combined financial statements, which
have been prepared in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles, or U.S. GAAP, and which requires us to make
estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenue and expenses, and related disclosure
of contingent assets and liabilities. We base our estimates on historical experience and on various other assumptions that we believe
are reasonable under the circumstances. These estimates are the basis for our judgments about the carrying values of assets and
liabilities, which in turn may impact our reported revenue and expenses. Our actual results could differ significantly from these
estimates under different assumptions or conditions.

 

An accounting policy
is deemed to be critical if it requires an accounting estimate to be made based on assumptions about matters that are highly uncertain
at the time the estimate is made, and if different estimates that reasonably could have been used, or changes in the accounting
estimate that are reasonably likely to occur periodically, could materially impact the combined financial statements.

 

Revenue Recognition

 

We adopted the Financial
Accounting Standards Board (“FASB”) new revenue recognition framework, ASC 606, Revenue from Contracts with
Customers (“ASC 606”), on January 1, 2017 using the full retrospective approach. The adoption of this standard
did not have a material impact on prior revenue recognition or on opening equity, as the timing and measurement of revenue recognition
for Questica is materially the same under ASC 606 as it was under the prior relevant guidance.

 

With the adoption
of Topic 606, revenue is recognized upon transfer of control of promised products and services to customers in an amount that reflects
the consideration we expect to receive in exchange for those products or services. If the consideration promised in a contract
includes a variable amount, we include an estimate of the amount it expects to receive for the total transaction price if it is
probable that a significant reversal of cumulative revenue recognized will not occur.

 

We determine the amount
of revenue to be recognized through application of the following steps:

 


•Identification of the contract, or contracts with a customer;



•Identification of the performance obligations in the
contract;



•Determination of the transaction price;



•Allocation of the transaction price to the performance
obligations in the contract; and



•Recognition of revenue when or as we satisfy the performance
obligations.


 

We do not have any
material obligations for returns or refunds in its contracts with customers.

 

We enter into contracts
with our customers that may include promises to transfer multiple deliverables, including software licenses, hosting services,
software maintenance and professional services. A performance obligation is a promise in a contract with a customer to transfer
products or services that are distinct. Determining whether products and services are distinct performance obligations that should
be accounted for separately or combined as one unit of accounting may require significant judgment.

 

Hosting services and
software licenses are distinct as such services are often sold separately. In determining whether professional services are distinct,
we consider the following factors for each professional services agreement: availability of the services from other vendors, the
nature of the professional services, and the contractual dependence of the service on the other deliverables in the arrangement.

 

We allocate the transaction
price to each performance obligation on a relative standalone selling price (“SSP”) basis. The SSP is the price at which
we would sell a promised product or service separately to a customer. Judgment is required to determine the SSP for each distinct
performance obligation. We use an adjusted market assessment approach to estimate the stand-alone selling price for software licenses,
hosting services, and software maintenance, and a cost plus a margin approach for professional services.

 



    54
     
    

 

Deferred Revenues

 

Deferred revenues
primarily consist of amounts that have been billed to or received from customers in advance of revenue recognition and prepayments
received from customers in advance for implementation, maintenance and other services, as well as initial subscription fees. We
recognize deferred revenues as revenues when the services are performed and the corresponding revenue recognition criteria are
met. Customer prepayments are generally applied against invoices issued to customers when services are performed and billed. Deferred
revenues that are expected to be recognized as revenues during the succeeding twelve-month period are recorded in current liabilities
as deferred revenues, current portion, and the remaining portion is recorded in long-term liabilities as deferred revenues, net
of current portion.

 

Accounts receivable

 

Accounts receivable
are recorded at the invoiced amount, do not require collateral, and do not bear interest. We estimate our allowance for doubtful
accounts by evaluating specific accounts where information indicates our customers may have an inability to meet financial obligations,
such as bankruptcy and significantly aged receivables outstanding.

 

Impairment of Long-lived Assets

 

Long-lived assets
are reviewed for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amounts may not be recoverable.
Impairment losses on long-lived assets, such as real estate and equipment, are recognized when events or changes in circumstances
indicate that the undiscounted cash flows estimated to be generated by such assets are less than their carrying value and, accordingly,
all or a portion of such carrying value may not be recoverable. Impairment losses are then measured by comparing the fair value
of assets to their carrying amounts.

 

Goodwill and Intangible Assets

 

Goodwill is the excess
of purchase price over the fair value of identified net assets of businesses acquired. Intangible assets with indefinite useful
lives are measured at their respective fair values as of the acquisition date. We do not amortize goodwill and intangible assets
with indefinite useful lives. We review goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets at least annually for possible impairment.
Goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets are reviewed for possible impairment between annual tests if an event occurs or
circumstances change that would more likely than not reduce the fair value of the reporting unit or the indefinite-lived intangible
assets below their carrying values.

 

Recent accounting pronouncements

 

See Note 3 to
our combined financial statements for a description of recent accounting pronouncements applicable to our financial statements.

 

Results of Operations for the years
ended December 31, 2018 and 2017 (in Canadian Dollars)

 



      
    Year Ended December 31,  
    Increase/ (Decrease) 

      
    2018  
    2017  
      

    Revenues 
    $13,085,558  
    $11,062,333  
     18%

    Cost of revenue 
     1,286,161  
     815,280  
     58%

    Selling, general and administrative 
     10,312,719  
     7,799,686  
     32%

    Income from operations 
     1,486,678  
     2,447,367  
     -39%

    Other income (expense) 
     1,908,868  
     14,493  
     -13071%

    Income before income taxes 
     3,395,546  
     2,461,860  
     38%

    Income tax expense 
     (1,016,952) 
     (864,758) 
     -18%

    Net income 
    $2,378,594  
    $1,597,102  
     49%


 



    55
     
    

 

Revenues

 

Revenues were approximately
$13.1 million for the year ended December 31, 2018, compared to approximately $11.0 million for the year ended December 31, 2017.
The increase of approximately $2.0 million was attributable to the recognition of software license and the result of the PowerPlan
acquisition.

 

Cost of Revenue

 

Cost of revenue was
approximately $1.3 million for the year ended December 31, 2018, compared to approximately $815,000 for the year ended December
31, 2017. The increase of approximately $471,000 was primarily related to the acquisition of PowerPlan starting in June 2017 and
increases in new name sales.

 

Selling, General and Administrative

 

Selling, general and
administrative (“SG&A”), expenses increased from approximately $8.0 million for the year ended December 31, 2017
to approximately $10.3 million for the year ended December 31, 2018. The increase of approximately $2.5 million was primarily attributable
to increased costs for employee compensation and payroll taxes due to an increase in headcount and the result of the PowerPlan
acquisition.

 

Other Income (Expense)

 

Other income (expense)
increased from approximately $15,000 of income for the year ended December 31, 2017 to approximately $1.9 million of income for
the year ended December 31, 2018. The increase is primarily attributable to the gain on sale recorded for our Engineer to Order
asset of approximately $1.1 million and a $0.8 million gain related to our foreign currency translation adjustments during the
year ended December 31, 2018.

 

Liquidity

 

As of December 31,
2018, we had cash and cash equivalents of approximately $4.5 million, and a working capital of approximately $1.9 million.  

 

Our liquidity to date
has been satisfied mainly through profits earned in operating activities and gain from marketable securities. Based
on the foregoing, management believes that we will have sufficient working capital and borrowing capacity to meet our needs through
one year from this filing.

 

Cash Flows

 



      
    Year Ended December 31, 

      
    2018  
    2017 

    Cash and cash equivalents at the beginning of
    year 
    $2,236,096  
    $1,933,223 

    Net cash provided by operating activities 
     4,622,072  
     1,581,298 

    Net cash provided by (used in) investing activities 
     (414,475) 
     2,221,467 

    Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities 
     (1,901,450) 
     (3,499,892)

    Cash and cash equivalents at the end of year 
    $4,542,243  
    $2,236,096 


 

Operating Activities

 

For the year ended
December 31, 2018, net cash provided by operating activities was approximately $4.6 million, which primarily consisted of our net
income of approximately $2.4 million, plus non-cash expenses of approximately $641,000 and net cash provided by operating assets
and liabilities of approximately $1.6 million. The non-cash expenses consisted of approximately $188,000 in depreciation and amortization,
approximately $221,000 in intangible amortization, approximately $371,000 in change in fair value of contingent consideration,
and approximately $118,000 of unrealized loss on marketable securities, partially offset by approximately $258,000 in foreign currency
translation adjustment.

 



    56
     
    

 

For the year ended
December 31, 2017, net cash provided by operating activities was approximately $1.6 million, which primarily consisted of our net
income of approximately $1.6 million and non-cash expenses of approximately $294,000, offset by net cash used in operating assets
and liabilities of approximately $310,000. The non-cash expenses consisted of approximately $143,000 in depreciation and amortization,
approximately $113,000 in intangible amortization, approximately $128,000 in change in fair value of contingent consideration,
partially offset by approximately $124,000 in unrealized gains on marketable securities.

 

Investing Activities

 

For the year ended
December 31, 2018, net cash used in investing activities of approximately $414,000 primarily consisted of purchases of marketable
securities of approximately $565,000 and purchase of equipment of approximately $47,000, partially offset by proceeds from sales
of marketable securities of approximately $197,000.

 

For the year ended
December 31, 2017, net cash provided by investing activities of approximately $2.2 million primarily consisted of proceeds from
sales of marketable securities of approximately $4.0 million, partially offset by the purchase of marketable securities of approximately
$888,000, the acquisition of Power Plan of approximately $663,000 and the purchase of equipment of approximately $196,000.

 

Financing Activities

 

For the year ended
December 31, 2018, net cash used in financing activities totaled approximately $1.9 million with approximately $1.2 million for
the payment of dividends and approximately $711,000 for the payment of contingent consideration related to the Power Plan acquisition.

 

For the year ended
December 31, 2017, net cash used in financing activities totaled approximately $3.5 million resulting primarily from the payment
of dividends.

 

Related Party Transactions

 

Parties are considered
related to us if the parties, directly or indirectly, through one or more intermediaries, control, are controlled by, or are under
common control with us. Related parties also include principal owners of our companies, our management, members of the immediate
families of principal owners of our companies and our management and other parties with which we may deal if one party controls
or can significantly influence the management or operating policies of the other to an extent that one of the transacting parties
might be prevented from fully pursuing its own separate interests. Our related party transactions are as follow:

 


·Handling Specialty Holding Inc. is a corporation owned by a director of Questica Inc. (see Note
14 to our combined financial statements).

 


·The former Chief Executive Officer of Powerplan Corporation entered into a four-year contractor
services agreement with us on June 20, 2017. The services shall include product support, training implementation, project management,
customer management and consulting services for our products; design and testing of any features on our product offerings to be
incorporated into our solutions; day-to-day management of the employees of the business and relationship with development organization
in India; assist with sales efforts to the not-for-profit market participate in migrations from PowerPlan’s solution to our
Budget solution and assist in marketing the upgrade to Questica Budget to PowerPlan’s existing government customers.

 


·On July 31, 2018, we sold our ETO software and related assets to a newly-formed entity which is
partially owned by certain of our officers and shareholders, for cash proceeds of approximately $817,000 and the assumption of
deferred revenue liabilities of approximately $305,000.

 

Off-balance sheet arrangements

 

We did not have during
the periods presented, and we do not currently have, any off-balance sheet arrangements, as defined in the SEC rules and regulations.

 



    57
     
    

 

Sherpa’s Management’s Discussion
and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations

 

References to “we”,
“us”, “our” or the “Company” are to Sherpa Government Solutions, LLC, except where the context
requires otherwise. The following discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations should be read
in conjunction with the financial statements and related notes thereto of Sherpa Government Solutions, LLC included elsewhere in
this report. This discussion contains forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties. Our actual results could
differ materially from those discussed below. Factors that could cause or contribute to such differences include, but are not limited
to, those identified below and those discussed in the section titled “Risk Factors” included elsewhere in this report.

 

Overview

 

We are a Colorado
limited liability company headquartered in Denver, Colorado, established in 2004. We are a leading provider of public sector budgeting
software and consulting services that help state and local governments create and manage budgets and performance. Customers purchase
our software and engage our consulting services to configure the software and train clients on how to manage the software going
forward. Following implementation, customers continue to use the software in perpetuity while paying maintenance or subscription
fees.

 

Our customers benefit
from a system that greatly simplifies the budgeting process, encourages collaboration, and provides detailed projections on substantial
portions of their budget. Increased access to data including instant aggregation of the budget requests means customers can spend
more time analyzing data and less time collecting it and formatting outputs. Our business consulting provides access to lessons
learned from over 100 public sector budgeting implementations and consultants who average 20 years of experience targeted in budgeting
and performance management.

 

Our contracts are
comprised of two durations, a short-term implementation, which may take from 3 to 12 months, and the on-going maintenance, which
is from 1-5 years and renewable. Due to the investment made in implementing software and the quality of the solution, retention
rates are very high.

 

The key elements of
our offerings are:

 

Highly Configurable Software

Our software was designed to
be configured by functional staff with no changes to the underlying code. Implementation teams are comprised of functional experts,
not technical experts, who are able to understand business requirements and demonstrate configured software immediately after requirements
meetings. This means customers see their future solution throughout the process and can make refinements without having to wait
for an entire build phase to complete.

 

Consulting 

Our consulting team has an average
of over 20 years of targeted public sector budgeting experience and have implemented over 100 public sector budgeting projects.
This experience is invaluable to customers for several reasons. Customers can quickly explain their processes and our team will
understand without multiple iterations, meaning clients dedicate a significantly lower amount of their time to engagements. When
customers seek advice, we can refer them to dozens of relevant examples where other similar clients have faced similar challenges.
We have many innovative customers whose collective thought leadership is channeled through our implementation team. Our team has
seen what has worked and what has not, so we can offer counsel on business processes redesign including recommended timing relative
to the software project.

 

Support

Our support model is designed
to enable customers to use our software for the long term, traversing changes in leadership, policy, and staff. As part of our
basic maintenance model, customers can reach out to their consulting team at any time to get assistance, answers to questions,
or support with activities that are rarely done, such as annual rollover. This results in customers getting answers to questions
immediately, without the struggles of reporting issues through a chain of support staff who are not familiar with the client processes
and configuration.

 

Revenues

 

Professional services revenue

 

Our professional services
contracts generate revenue on a time and materials, fixed fee or subscription basis. Revenues are recognized as the services are
rendered for time and materials contracts. Revenues are recognized when the milestones are achieved and accepted by the customer
or on a proportional performance basis for fixed fee contracts. Revenues are recognized ratably over the contract term for subscription
contracts. The milestone method for revenue recognition is used when there is substantive uncertainty at the date the contract
is entered into whether the milestone will be achieved. Training revenues are recognized as the services are performed.

 



    58
     
    

 

Software license revenue

 

We provide customers
with the right to use software as it exists when made available. Customers purchase these licenses upfront. Revenues from distinct
licenses are recognized upfront when the software is made available to the customer as this is when the customer has the risks
and rewards of the right to use software. We also act an agent in reselling third- party software as we are not primarily responsible
for the third-party software.

 

Hosting revenue

 

We also provide hosting
services and support for which revenue is recognized over time as the services are provided, which is generally ratably over the
contract term.

 

General and Administrative

 

General and administrative
expenses consist primarily of personnel costs associated with our executive, finance, legal, human resources, and other administrative
personnel, as well as accounting and legal professional services fees.

 

Critical accounting policies and
significant judgments and estimates

 

Management’s discussion
and analysis of financial condition and results of operations are based upon our accompanying financial statements, which have
been prepared in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles, or U.S. GAAP, and which requires us to make estimates
and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenue and expenses, and related disclosure of contingent
assets and liabilities. We base our estimates on historical experience and on various other assumptions that we believe are reasonable
under the circumstances. These estimates are the basis for our judgments about the carrying values of assets and liabilities, which
in turn may impact our reported revenue and expenses. Our actual results could differ significantly from these estimates under
different assumptions or conditions.

 

An accounting policy
is deemed to be critical if it requires an accounting estimate to be made based on assumptions about matters that are highly uncertain
at the time the estimate is made, and if different estimates that reasonably could have been used, or changes in the accounting
estimate that are reasonably likely to occur periodically, could materially impact the consolidated financial statements.

 

Revenue Recognition

 

We adopted the Financial
Accounting Standards Board (“FASB”) new revenue framework, Accounting Standards Codification 606, Revenue from
Contracts with Customers (“ASC 606”), on January 1, 2017 using the full retrospective approach. The adoption
of this standard did not have a material impact on prior revenue recognition or on opening equity, as the timing and measurement
of revenue recognition for the Company is materially the same under ASC 606 as it was under the prior relevant guidance.

 

Significant judgments – contracts
with multiple performance obligations

 

We enter into contracts
with customers that include promises to transfer multiple performance obligations, including software licenses, hosting, and professional
services. Determining whether products and services are distinct performance obligations that should be accounted for separately
or combined as one unit of accounting may require significant judgment.

 

In determining whether
professional services are distinct, we consider the following factors: availability of the services from other vendors, the nature
of the services, and whether the services are interdependent and interrelated. To date, we have concluded that all software licenses,
hosting services, software support, and professional services included in contracts, with multiple performance obligations, are
distinct.

 

We allocate the transaction
price to each performance obligation on a relative standalone selling price (“SSP”) basis. The SSP is the price at which
we would sell a promised product or service separately to a customer. Judgment is required to determine the SSP for each distinct
performance obligation. We use an adjusted market assessment approach to estimate the stand-alone selling price for software licenses,
hosting services, and a cost plus a margin approach for professional services.

 



    59
     
    

 

For contracts where
the period between when we transfer a promised service to the customer and when the customer pays in one year or less, we have
elected the practical expedient to not adjust the promised amount of consideration for the effects of a significant financing component.

 

We have made a policy
election to exclude from the measurement of the transaction price all taxes assessed by a government authority that are both imposed
on and concurrent with a specific revenue producing transaction and collected by us from a customer. Such taxes may include but
are not limited to sales, use, value added and certain excise taxes. 

 

Contract Liabilities

 

Contract liabilities
primarily consist of amounts that have been billed to or received from customers in advance of revenue recognition and prepayments
received from customers in advance for implementation, hosting and other services. We recognize contract liabilities as revenues
when the services are performed and the corresponding revenue recognition criteria are met. Customer prepayments are generally
applied against invoices issued to customers when services are performed and billed. Contract liabilities that are expected to
be recognized as revenues during the succeeding twelve-month period are recorded in current liabilities as contract liabilities,
current portion, and the remaining portion is recorded in long-term liabilities as contract liabilities, net of current portion.

 

Accounts Receivable

 

Accounts
receivable consists of amounts due from customers. Accounts receivable are recorded at the invoiced amount, do not require collateral,
and do not bear interest. We estimate an allowance for doubtful accounts by evaluating specific accounts where information indicates
that the customer may have an inability to meet financial obligations, such as bankruptcy and significantly aged receivables outstanding.
We had no allowance for doubtful accounts as of December 31, 2018.

 

Recent accounting pronouncements

 

See Note 3 to
our financial statements for a description of recent accounting pronouncements applicable to our financial statements.

 

Results of Operations for the years ended
December 31, 2018 and 2017

 



      
    For the Year ended December 31,  
    Dollar  
    Percentage 

      
    2018  
    2017  
    
                                                                                Change  
    Change 

      
       
    (Unaudited)  
       
      

    Revenues 
        
        
        
       

    Professional services 
    $1,903,698  
    $1,191,810  
    $711,888  
     60%

    Licenses 
     1,000,453  
     620,074  
     380,379  
     61%

    Hosting 
     185,937  
     113,280  
     72,657  
     64%

    Total revenues 
     3,090,088  
     1,925,164  
     1,164,924  
     61%

    Cost of revenues 
     428,737  
     60,929  
     367,808  
     604%

    Gross profit 
     2,661,351  
     1,864,235  
     797,116  
     43%

      
        
        
        
       

    Operating expenses 
        
        
        
       

    General and administrative 
     1,670,885  
     1,181,574  
     489,311  
     41%

    Total operating expenses 
     1,670,885  
     1,181,574  
     489,311  
     41%

    Operating income 
     990,466  
     682,661  
     307,805  
     45%

      
        
        
        
       

    Other income: 
        
        
        
       

    Interest income 
     3,789  
     1,079  
     2,709  
     251%

    Total other income 
     3,789  
     1,079  
     2,709  
     251%

    Net income 
    $994,255  
    $683,740  
    $310,515  
     45%


 



    60
     
    

 

Revenues

 

The increase in revenues
for the year ended December 31, 2018, compared to the year ended December 31, 2017, was primarily due to a $712,000 increase in
professional services revenues, $380,000 increase in licenses revenues and $73,000 increase in hosting revenues. The increase in
the professional and licenses revenues was driven primarily by the acquisition of five new software clients. Our hosting revenues
increased by $73,000 or 64% due to the acquisition of new clients who purchased hosting services for sold software.

 

Cost of revenues

 

The increase
in cost of revenues of $368,000 for the year ended December 31, 2018, compared to the year ended December 31, 2017, was
primarily due to third party reporting software utilized by five new software clients.

 

General and administrative

 

The increase
in general and administrative of $489,000 for the year ended December 31, 2018, compared to the year ended December 31, 2017,
was primarily due to a $580,000 increase in guaranteed payments to employees, offset by a decrease of $49,000 in contract
labor services expenses.

 

Other Income 

 

The increase in other
income for the year ended December 31, 2018 compared to the year ended December 31, 2017, was primarily due to $2,700 in interest
income.

 

Liquidity

 

Sherpa is financed
by revenues. In the event of insufficient liquidity, partner contributions are used to close any gaps.

 

Cash Flows

 



      
    Year ended December 31, 

      
    2018  
    2017 

      
       
    (Unaudited) 

    Net cash provided (used in): 
        
       

    Operating activities 
    $983,882  
    $437,066 

    Financing activities 
     (758,000) 
     (260,000)

    Net increase in cash and cash equivalents 
    $225,882  
    $177,066 


 

Operating Activities

 

For the year ended
December 31, 2018, cash generated by operations was approximately $984,000, resulting from net income of approximately $994,000,
offset by aggregate non-cash expenses of approximately of approximately $2,000 and changes in operating assets and liabilities
of approximately $13,000.

 

For the year ended
December 31, 2017, cash generated by operations was approximately $437,000, resulting from net income of approximately $683,000,
offset by aggregate non-cash expenses of approximately $15,000 and changes in operating assets and liabilities of approximately
$262,000.

 

Financing Activities

 

For the years ended
December 31, 2018 and 2017, cash used in financing activities was $758,000 and $260,000, respectively, resulting primarily from
distributions to members in each period.

 

Contractual Obligations

 

From time to time,
we may become subject to legal proceedings, claims and litigation arising in the ordinary course of business. We are not currently
a party to any legal proceedings, nor is it aware of any pending or threatened litigation, that would have a material adverse effect
on our business, operating results, cash flows or financial condition should such litigation be resolved unfavorably.

 

Off-balance sheet arrangements

 

We did not have during
the periods presented, and we do not currently have, any off-balance sheet arrangements, as defined in the SEC rules and regulations.

 



    61
     
    

 

Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosure
about Market Risk

 

Not Applicable.

 

Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial
Owners and Management

 

The following table
sets forth information known to the Company regarding the beneficial ownership of Company common stock as of March 14, 2019 by:

 


·each
person known to the Company to be the beneficial owner of more than 5% of outstanding Company common stock;



·each
of the Company’s executive officers and directors; and



·all
executive officers and directors of the Company as a group.


 

Beneficial ownership
is determined according to the rules of the SEC, which generally provide that a person has beneficial ownership of a security if
he, she or it possesses sole or shared voting or investment power over that security, including options and warrants that are currently
exercisable or exercisable within 60 days. Company stock issuable upon exercise of options and warrants currently exercisable within
60 days are deemed outstanding solely for purposes of calculating the percentage of total voting power of the beneficial owner
thereof.

 

The beneficial ownership
of Company common stock is based on 48,520,495 shares of Company common stock issued and outstanding as of March 14, 2019.

 

Unless otherwise indicated,
the Company believes that each person named in the table below has sole voting and investment power with respect to all shares
of Company common stock beneficially owned by them.

 



    Name and Address
of Beneficial Owner(1) 
    Number of  shares  
    % 

    Directors, Executive Officers and Founders 
        
       

    GTY Investors, LLC(2) 
     13,448,821  
     27.72%

    William D. Green(2) 
     13,448,821  
     27.72%

    Joseph M. Tucci(2) 
     13,448,821  
     27.72%

    Harry L. You(2) 
     13,448,821  
     27.72%

    Randolph Cowen 
     30,000  
     * 

    Paul Dacier 
     30,000  
     * 

    Stephen Rohleder(2) 
     109,196  
     * 

    Charles Wert 
     59,701  
     * 

    All Directors and Executive Officers as a Group (Seven Individuals) 
     13,587,718  
     28.00%


 



    Name and Address of Beneficial
                                                                         Owner(1) 
    Number of shares  
    % 

    Five Percent Holders: 
        
       

    Andreas Bechtolsheim (3) 
     4,851,102  
     9.99%

    Miller Value Partners, LLC (4)


 
     2,471,499  
     5.09


%


 

* Less than 1%.

 



    62
     
    

 

(1) Unless otherwise noted, the business
address of each of the shareholders listed is 1180 North Town Center Drive, Suite 100, Las Vegas, Nevada 89144.

(2) William D. Green, Joseph M. Tucci
and Harry L. You, the co-founders of GTY Cayman, are members and the managers of GTY Investors, LLC, the Sponsor, and share voting
and dispositive power over the founder shares held by the Sponsor. Stephen Rohleder is also a member of the Sponsor. Pursuant
to the terms and conditions of the Sponsor’s limited liability company agreement, Mr. Rohleder may have been entitled to
a distribution of up to 1,200,000 Class B Ordinary Shares from the Sponsor based on his investment in the Sponsor and the share
price of GTY Cayman’s Class A Ordinary Shares at the time of distribution.

(3) Excludes 148,898 shares of Company common stock held
in escrow, registered in the name of the escrow agent, pursuant to an agreement between Mr. Bechtolsheim and the Company, pursuant
to which Mr. Bechtolsheim expressly disclaimed and relinquished any right to exercise voting power or investment power with respect
to any shares of Company common stock owned by him to the extent (but only to the extent) that ownership of such shares would cause
him to beneficially own in excess of 9.9% of the Company’s voting common stock. Mr. Bechtolsheim does not have voting power or
investment power with respect to such excluded shares. The included and excluded shares were initially issued to Mr. Bechtolsheim
as Class A Ordinary Shares of GTY Cayman pursuant to a Subscription Agreement, which such shares were cancelled and exchanged on
a one-for-one basis for shares of Company common stock at the Closing. The address for Mr. Bechtolsheim is 5453 Great America Parkway,
Santa Clara, CA 94025.



(4) According to a Schedule 13G/A filed with the SEC on March
11, 2019, Miller Value Partners, LLC (“Miller Value Partners”) and the William H. Miller III Living Trust share voting
and dispositive power over 2,471,499 shares of the Company’s common stock, consisting of 1,853,625 shares of common stock
and 617, 874 shares of common stock underlying warrants. Various accounts managed by Miller Value Partners have the right to receive
or the power to direct the receipt of dividends from, or the proceeds from the sale of, such securities. The business address of
Miller Value Partners is One South Street, Suite 2550, Baltimore, MD 21202





 

Directors and Executive Officers

 

Biographical information
with respect to the Company’s directors and executive officers immediately after the Closing set forth in Item 10 “Directors,
Executive Officers and Corporate Governance” of the Company’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2018
is hereby incorporated by reference into this Item 2.01 and is included in Exhibit 99.8 to this Current Report on Form 8-K.

 

Director Independence

 

Information with respect
to the independence of the Company’s directors immediately after the Closing set forth in Item 10 “Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance” of the Company’s Annual Report on Form 10-K
for the year ended December 31, 2018 is hereby incorporated by reference into this Item 2.01 and is included in Exhibit 99.8
to this Current Report on Form 8-K.

 

Committees of the Board of Directors

 

Information with
respect to the composition of the committees of the board of directors of the Company immediately after the Closing set forth
in Item 10 “Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance” of the Company’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended
December 31, 2018 is hereby incorporated by reference into this Item 2.01 and is included in Exhibit 99.8 to this Current Report
on Form 8-K.

 

Executive Compensation

 

A description of
the compensation of the executive officers and directors of GTY Cayman and each of the Targets before the consummation of the
Business Combination is set forth in the Company’s final prospectus, originally filed with the SEC pursuant to Rule 424(b) under the Securities Act on January
31, 2019, in connection with the Company’s Registration Statement on Form S-4 (File No. 333-229189), as supplemented (the “proxy
statement/prospectus”), in the section entitled “Executive Compensation,” which is incorporated herein by
reference into this Item 2.01 and is included in Exhibit 99.9 to this Current Report on Form 8-K..

 

A description of the
Company’s executive compensation following the Closing is set forth in the proxy statement/prospectus in the section entitled
“Management of New GTY Following the Business Combination – Post-Combination Company Executive Compensation,”
which is incorporated herein by reference into this Item 2.01 and is included in Exhibit 99.9 to this Current Report on Form 8-K..

 

At the
Extraordinary General Meeting, the stockholders of the Company approved the GTY Technology Holdings Inc. 2019 Omnibus
Incentive Plan (the “Incentive Plan”). The description of the Incentive Plan is set forth in the proxy
statement/prospectus section entitled “The Incentive Plan Proposal” is incorporated herein by reference into this Item 2.01 and is included in Exhibit 99.9 to this Current Report on Form 8-K.. A copy
of the full text of the Incentive Plan is filed as Exhibit 10.7 to this Current Report on Form 8-K and is incorporated herein
by reference. Following the consummation of the Business Combination, the Company expects that the Board or the Compensation
Committee will make grants of awards under the Incentive Plan to eligible participants.

 



    63
     
    

 

Certain Relationships and Related
Transactions

 

The description of
certain relationships and related transactions is included in the proxy statement/prospectus in the section entitled “Certain
Relationships and Related Party Transactions,” which is incorporated herein by reference into this Item 2.01 and is included in Exhibit 99.9 to this Current Report on Form 8-K..

 

The information regarding
the Subscription Agreements set forth in Item 2.01 of this Current Report on Form 8-K is incorporated herein by reference.

 

Market Price of and Dividends on
the Registrant’s Common Equity and Related Stockholder Matters

 

The Company’s
common stock and warrants are listed on Nasdaq under the symbols “GTYH” and “GTYHW,” respectively. In connection
with the Closing, GTY Cayman’s units, Class A Ordinary Shares and warrants were delisted from Nasdaq. As of the Closing Date,
there were 42 holders of record of Company common stock.

 

Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities

 

The disclosure set
forth in Item 2.01 of the Original Form 8-K with respect to the issuance of the Company common stock in the Business Combination
pursuant to the Transaction Documents and Subscription Agreements is incorporated herein by reference.

 

The Company common
stock issued in the Business Combination pursuant to the Transaction Documents was not registered under the Securities Act of 1933,
as amended (the “Securities Act”), in reliance on the exemption from registration provided by Section 4(a)(2) of the
Securities Act and/or Regulation D promulgated thereunder. 6,073,181 shares of Company common stock issued pursuant to the Subscription
Agreements were not registered under the Securities Act in reliance on the exemption from registration provided by Section 4(a)(2)
of the Securities Act and/or Regulation D promulgated thereunder.

 

Description of Securities

 

The following description of the Company’s
capital stock is a summary and is not complete. We urge you to read in their entirety the Company’s Charter, which is filed
as an exhibit to Current Report on Form 8-K.

 

Authorized and Outstanding Stock

 

The Charter authorizes the issuance of 425,000,000
shares of capital stock, consisting of (x) 400,000,000 shares of common stock, $0.0001 par value per share, and (y) 25,000,000
shares of preferred stock, par value $0.0001 per share. As of the Closing, there were 48,511,028 shares of the Company’s
common stock issued and outstanding, held of record by 42 holders, and there were no shares of preferred stock outstanding, and
27,093,334 warrants outstanding held of record by 4 holders. Such numbers do not include DTC participants or beneficial owners
holding shares through nominee names.

 

Common Stock

 

Voting Power

 

Except as otherwise required by law or as
otherwise provided in any amendment or restatement of the Charter establishing for any series of preferred stock, the holders of
the Company’s common stock possess all voting power for the election of directors and all other matters requiring stockholder
action and will at all times vote together as one class on all matters submitted to a vote of the Company’s stockholders.
Each share of common stock is entitled to one vote on matters to be voted on by stockholders.

 

Dividends

 

Holders of the Company’s common stock
are entitled to receive such dividends and other distributions, if any, as may be declared from time to time by Company’s
board of directors in its discretion out of funds legally available therefor and shall share equally on a per share basis in such
dividends and distributions.

 

Liquidation, Dissolution
and Winding Up

 

In the event of the voluntary or involuntary
liquidation, dissolution, distribution of assets or winding-up of the Company, the holders Company’s common stock will be
entitled to receive an equal amount per share of all of Company’s assets of whatever kind available for distribution to stockholders,
after Company has satisfied or made provision for the satisfaction of its debts and obligations and shall have paid or made provision
for satisfaction of the rights of the holders of the preferred stock, if any.

 



    64
     
    

 

Preemptive or Other Rights

 

There are no preemptive or other subscription
rights and no sinking fund or redemption provisions applicable to holders of Company’s common stock.

 

Election of Directors

 

The Charter does not provide for cumulative
voting with respect to the election of directors. The board of directors of the Company is divided into three classes with staggered
three-year terms. Only one class of directors will be subject to election at each annual meeting of stockholders, with the directors
in the other classes continuing for the remainder of their respective three-year terms. The Company’s bylaws contemplate,
among other things, that (i) at a meeting of shareholders in which the number of nominees for election to the board of directors
is equal to or less than the number of directors to be elected, a nominee for director shall be elected to the board of directors
only if the votes cast “for” such nominee’s election exceed the votes cast “against” such nominee’s
election, with “abstentions,” “broker non-votes” and “withheld votes” not counted as a vote
“for” or “against” such nominee’s election and (ii) at a meeting of shareholders in which the number
of nominees for election to the board of directors exceeds the number of directors to be elected, directors shall be elected by
a plurality of the votes cast at such meeting.

 

Preferred Stock

 

The Charter provides that shares of preferred
stock may be issued from time to time in one or more series. The board of directors is authorized to fix the voting rights, if
any, designations, powers, preferences, the relative, participating, optional or other special rights and any qualifications, limitations
and restrictions thereof, applicable to the shares of each series. The board of directors will be able, without stockholder approval,
to issue preferred stock with voting and other rights that could adversely affect the voting power and other rights of the holders
of the common stock and could have anti-takeover effects. The ability of the board of directors to issue preferred stock without
stockholder approval could have the effect of delaying, deferring or preventing a change of control of the Company or the removal
of existing management. The Company had no preferred stock outstanding at the date hereof. Although the Company does not currently
intend to issue any shares of preferred stock, it cannot assure you that it will not do so in the future.

 

Warrants

 

Public Warrants

 

Upon the Closing, the Company had 18,400,000
public warrants outstanding. Each public warrant will entitle the registered holder to purchase one share of the Company’s
common stock at a price of $11.50 per whole share, subject to adjustment as discussed below, at any time commencing on March 21,
2019. A warrant holder may exercise its warrants only for a whole number of shares. The warrants will expire on February 19, 2024,
which is five years after the date of the Closing, at 5:00 p.m., New York City time, or earlier upon redemption or liquidation.

 

The Company will not be obligated to deliver
any shares of common stock pursuant to the exercise of a warrant and will have no obligation to settle such warrant exercise unless
a registration statement under the Securities Act with respect to the shares of common stock underlying the warrants is then effective
and a prospectus relating thereto is current, subject to its satisfying its obligations described below with respect to registration.
No warrant will be exercisable and the Company will not be obligated to issue a share of common stock upon exercise of a warrant
unless the share issuable upon such warrant exercise has been registered, qualified or deemed to be exempt under the securities
laws of the state of residence of the registered holder of the warrants. In the event that the conditions in the two immediately
preceding sentences are not satisfied with respect to a warrant, the holder of such warrant will not be entitled to exercise such
warrant and such warrant may have no value and expire worthless. In no event will the Company be required to net cash settle any
warrant.

 

The Company is obligated to file with the
SEC as soon as practicable, but in no event later than March 12, 2019, a registration statement for the registration, under the
Securities Act, of the shares of common stock issuable upon exercise of the warrants, and to cause the same to become effective
and to maintain the effectiveness of such registration statement, and a current prospectus relating thereto, until the expiration
of the warrants in accordance with the provisions of the warrant agreement. If a registration statement covering the shares of
common stock issuable upon exercise of the warrants is not effective by the 60th day after the Closing, warrant holders
may, until such time as there is an effective registration statement and during any period when the Company will have failed to
maintain an effective registration statement, exercise warrants on a “cashless basis” in accordance with Section 3(a)(9)
of the Securities Act or another exemption.

 



    65
     
    

 

Once the warrants become exercisable, the
Company may call the warrants for redemption:

 


·in
whole and not in part;


 


·at
a price of $0.01 per warrant;


 


·upon
not less than 30 days’ prior written notice of redemption (the “30-day redemption period”) to each warrant holder;
and


 


·if,
and only if, the reported closing price of the common stock equals or exceeds $18.00 per share (as adjusted for stock splits,
stock dividends, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like) for any 20 trading days within a 30-trading day period ending
three business days before the Company sends the notice of redemption to the warrant holders.


 

If and when the warrants become redeemable,
the Company may exercise its redemption right even if it is unable to register or qualify the underlying securities for sale under
all applicable state securities laws.

 

The Company established the last of the
redemption criterion discussed above to prevent a redemption call unless there is at the time of the call a significant premium
to the warrant exercise price. If the foregoing conditions are satisfied and the Company issues a notice of redemption of the warrants,
each warrant holder will be entitled to exercise his, her or its warrant prior to the scheduled redemption date. However, the price
of the common stock may fall below the $18.00 redemption trigger price (as adjusted for stock splits, stock dividends, reorganizations,
recapitalizations and the like) as well as the $11.50 warrant exercise price (for whole shares) after the redemption notice is
issued.

 

If the Company calls the warrants for redemption
as described above, it will have the option to require any holder that wishes to exercise his, her or its warrant to do so on a
“cashless basis.” In determining whether to require all holders to exercise their warrants on a “cashless basis,”
the Company will consider, among other factors, its cash position, the number of warrants that are outstanding and the dilutive
effect on its shareholders of issuing the maximum number of shares issuable upon the exercise of the warrants. If the Company takes
advantage of this option, all holders of warrants would pay the exercise price by surrendering their warrants for that number of
shares of common stock equal to the quotient obtained by dividing (x) the product of the number of shares of common stock underlying
the warrants, multiplied by the difference between the exercise price of the warrants and the “fair market value” (defined
below) by (y) the fair market value. The “fair market value” means the average reported last sale price of the common
stock for the 10 trading days ending on the third trading day prior to the date on which the notice of redemption is sent to the
holders of warrants. If the Company takes advantage of this option, the notice of redemption will contain the information necessary
to calculate the number of shares of common stock to be received upon exercise of the warrants, including the “fair market
value” in such case. Requiring a cashless exercise in this manner will reduce the number of shares to be issued and thereby
lessen the dilutive effect of a warrant redemption. If the Company calls the warrants for redemption and does not take advantage
of this option, the holders of the private placement warrants and their permitted transferees would still be entitled to exercise
their private placement warrants for cash or on a cashless basis using the same formula described above that other warrant holders
would have been required to use had all warrant holders been required to exercise their warrants on a cashless basis, as described
in more detail below.

 

A holder of a warrant may notify the Company
in writing in the event it elects to be subject to a requirement that such holder will not have the right to exercise such warrant,
to the extent that after giving effect to such exercise, such person (together with such person’s affiliates), to the warrant
agent’s actual knowledge, would beneficially own in excess of 4.9% or 9.8% (as specified by the holder) of the Company’s
common stock outstanding immediately after giving effect to such exercise.

 

If the number of outstanding shares of common
stock is increased by a share dividend payable in common stock, or by a split-up of common stock or other similar event, then,
on the effective date of such share dividend, split-up or similar event, the number of shares of common stock issuable on exercise
of each warrant will be increased in proportion to such increase in the outstanding shares of common stock. A rights offering to
holders of common stock entitling holders to purchase shares of common stock at a price less than the fair market value will be
deemed a share dividend of a number of shares of common stock equal to the product of (i) the number of shares of common stock
actually sold in such rights offering (or issuable under any other equity securities sold in such rights offering that are convertible
into or exercisable for shares of common stock) multiplied by (ii) one (1) minus the quotient of (x) the price per share of common
stock paid in such rights offering divided by (y) the fair market value. For these purposes (i) if the rights offering is for securities
convertible into or exercisable for shares of common stock, in determining the price payable for shares of common stock, there
will be taken into account any consideration received for such rights, as well as any additional amount payable upon exercise or
conversion and (ii) fair market value means the volume weighted average price of shares of common stock as reported during the
10 trading day period ending on the trading day prior to the first date on which the shares of common stock trade on the applicable
exchange or in the applicable market, regular way, without the right to receive such rights.

 

In addition, if at any time while the warrants
are outstanding and unexpired, the Company pays a dividend or makes a distribution in cash, securities or other assets to the holders
of common stock on account of such common stock (or other securities into which the warrants are convertible), other than (a) as
described above, (b) certain ordinary cash dividends, or (c) to satisfy the redemption rights of the holders of shares of common
stock in connection with the business combination, then the warrant exercise price will be decreased, effective immediately after
the effective date of such event, by the amount of cash and/or the fair market value of any securities or other assets paid on
each share of common stock in respect of such event.

 



    66
     
    

 

If the number of outstanding shares of common
stock is decreased by a consolidation, combination, reverse share split or reclassification of the shares of common stock or other
similar event, then, on the effective date of such consolidation, combination, reverse share split, reclassification or similar
event, the number of shares of common stock issuable on exercise of each warrant will be decreased in proportion to such decrease
in outstanding shares of common stock.

 

Whenever the number of shares of common
stock purchasable upon the exercise of the warrants is adjusted, as described above, the warrant exercise price will be adjusted
by multiplying the warrant exercise price immediately prior to such adjustment by a fraction (x) the numerator of which will be
the number of shares of common stock purchasable upon the exercise of the warrants immediately prior to such adjustment, and (y)
the denominator of which will be the number of shares of common stock so purchasable immediately thereafter.

 

In case of any reclassification or reorganization
of the outstanding shares of common stock (other than those described above or that solely affects the par value of such shares),
or in the case of any merger or consolidation of the Company with or into another corporation (other than a consolidation or merger
in which the Company is the continuing corporation and that does not result in any reclassification or reorganization of the Company’s
outstanding shares of common stock), or in the case of any sale or conveyance to another corporation or entity of the assets or
other property of the Company as an entirety or substantially as an entirety in connection with which the Company is dissolved,
the holders of the warrants will thereafter have the right to purchase and receive, upon the basis and upon the terms and conditions
specified in the warrants and in lieu of the shares of common stock immediately theretofore purchasable and receivable upon the
exercise of the rights represented thereby, the kind and amount of shares of common stock or other securities or property (including
cash) receivable upon such reclassification, reorganization, merger or consolidation, or upon a dissolution following any such
sale or transfer, that the holder of the warrants would have received if such holder had exercised their warrants immediately prior
to such event. If less than 70% of the consideration receivable by the holders of common stock in such a transaction is payable
in the form of shares of common stock in the successor entity that is listed for trading on a national securities exchange or is
quoted in an established over-the-counter market, or is to be so listed for trading or quoted immediately following such event,
and if the registered holder of the warrant properly exercises the warrant within thirty days following public disclosure of such
transaction, the warrant exercise price will be reduced as specified in the warrant agreement based on the Black-Scholes value
(as defined in the warrant agreement) of the warrant. The purpose of such exercise price reduction is to provide additional value
to holders of the warrants when an extraordinary transaction occurs during the exercise period of the warrants pursuant to which
the holders of the warrants otherwise do not receive the full potential value of the warrants.

 

The warrants are issued in registered form
under a warrant agreement with Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company, as warrant agent. You should review a copy of the
warrant agreement, which is filed as an exhibit to this Current Report on Form 8-K, for a complete description of the terms and
conditions applicable to the warrants.

 

The warrant agreement provides that the
terms of the warrants may be amended without the consent of any holder to cure any ambiguity or correct any defective provision,
but requires the approval by the holders of at least 50% of the then outstanding public warrants to make any change that adversely
affects the interests of the registered holders of public warrants.

 

The warrants may be exercised upon surrender
of the warrant certificate on or prior to the expiration date at the offices of the warrant agent, with the exercise form on the
reverse side of the warrant certificate completed and executed as indicated, accompanied by full payment of the exercise price
(or on a cashless basis, if applicable), by certified or official bank check payable to the Company, for the number of warrants
being exercised. The warrant holders do not have the rights or privileges of holders of common stock and any voting rights until
they exercise their warrants and receive shares of common stock. After the issuance of shares of common stock upon exercise of
the warrants, each holder will be entitled to one vote for each share held of record on all matters to be voted on by shareholders.

 

No fractional shares will be issued upon
exercise of the warrants. If, upon exercise of the warrants, a holder would be entitled to receive a fractional interest in a share,
the Company will, upon exercise, round down to the nearest whole number the number of shares of common stock to be issued to the
warrant holder.

 

Private Placement Warrants

 

The private placement warrants (including
the shares of common stock issuable upon exercise of the private placement warrants) will not be transferable, assignable or salable
until March 21, 2019, subject to certain exceptions, and they will not be redeemable by the Company so long as they are held by
the Sponsor or its permitted transferees. The Sponsor, or its permitted transferees, has the option to exercise the private placement
warrants on a cashless basis. Except as described below, the private placement warrants have terms and provisions that are identical
to those of the public warrants. If the private placement warrants are held by holders other than the Sponsor or its permitted
transferees, the private placement warrants will be redeemable by the Company and exercisable by the holders on the same basis
as the public warrants.

 



    67
     
    

 

If holders of the private placement warrants
elect to exercise them on a cashless basis, they would pay the exercise price by surrendering his, her or its warrants for that
number of shares of common stock equal to the quotient obtained by dividing (x) the product of the number of shares of common stock
underlying the warrants, multiplied by the difference between the exercise price of the warrants and the “fair market value’’
(defined below) by (y) the fair market value. The “fair market value” means the average reported last sale price of
the common stock for the 10 trading days ending on the third trading day prior to the date on which the notice of warrant exercise
is sent to the warrant agent.

 

Dividends

 

The payment of cash dividends in the future
will be dependent upon the Company’s revenues and earnings, if any, capital requirements and general financial condition
subsequent to completion of the business combination. The payment of any cash dividends subsequent to the business combination
is within the discretion of the board of directors at such time. Further, if the Company incurs any indebtedness, its ability to
declare dividends may be limited by restrictive covenants the Company may agree to in connection therewith.

 

Transfer Agent and Warrant Agent

 

The transfer agent for the Company’s
common stock and warrant agent for its warrants is Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company.

 

Registration Rights

 

The holders of the founder shares and private
placement warrants are entitled to registration rights pursuant to the registration rights agreement entered into in connection
with the IPO, requiring the Company to register such securities for resale. The holders of the majority of these securities are
entitled to make up to three demands, excluding short form demands, that the Company register such securities. In addition, the
holders have certain “piggy-back’’ registration rights with respect to registration statements filed subsequent
to the Company’s completion of the business combination and rights to require the Company to register for resale such securities
pursuant to Rule 415 under the Securities Act. However, the registration rights agreement provides that the Company will not permit
any registration statement filed under the Securities Act to become effective until termination of the applicable lock-up period,
which occurs in the case of the founder shares, on the earlier of (A) one year after the completion of the business combination
or (B) subsequent to the business combination, (i) if the last sale price of the Company’s common stock equals or exceeds
$12.00 per share (as adjusted for share splits, share capitalizations, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like) for any
20 trading days within any 30-trading day period commencing at least 150 days after the business combination or (ii) the date on
which the Company complete a liquidation, merger, capital stock exchange, reorganization or other similar transaction that results
in all shareholders having the right to exchange their ordinary shares for cash, securities or other property, subject to certain
exceptions.

 

In addition, holders of the Company’s
common stock who received their shares (i) pursuant to the Transaction Agreements as consideration in connection with the acquisition
of the Targets and (ii) pursuant to certain Subscription Agreements entered in connection with the business combination, are entitled
to registration rights pursuant to which the Company is obligated to register the resale of such shares.

 

Certain Anti-Takeover Provisions of Massachusetts Law
and the Charter

 

The Company, as a corporation incorporated
under the laws of the Commonwealth of Massachusetts, is subject to the provisions of the Massachusetts General Laws.

 

Chapter 110F of the Massachusetts General
Laws generally provides that, if a person acquires 5% or more of the stock of a Massachusetts corporation without the approval
of the board of directors of that corporation, such person may not engage in certain transactions with the corporation for a period
of three years following the time that person becomes a 5% shareholder, with certain exceptions. A Massachusetts corporation may
elect in its articles of organization or bylaws not be governed by Chapter 110F.

 

Under the Massachusetts control share acquisitions
statute (Chapter 110D of the Massachusetts General Laws), a person who acquires beneficial ownership of shares of stock of a corporation
in a threshold amount equal to one-fifth or more but less than one-third, one-third or more but less than a majority, or a majority
or more of the voting stock of the corporation, referred to as a control share acquisition, must obtain the approval of a majority
of shares entitled to vote generally in the election of directors (excluding (1) any shares owned by any person acquiring or proposing
to acquire beneficial ownership of shares in a control share acquisition, (2) any shares owned by any officer of the corporation
and (3) any shares owned by any employee of the corporation who is also a director of the corporation) for the purpose of acquiring
voting rights for the shares that such person acquires in crossing the foregoing thresholds.

 

The Massachusetts control share acquisitions
statute permits the corporation, to the extent authorized by its articles of organization or bylaws, to redeem all shares acquired
by an acquiring person in a control share acquisition for fair value (which is to be determined in accordance with procedures adopted
by the corporation) if (1) no control share acquisition statement is delivered by the acquiring person or (2) a control share acquisition
statement has been delivered and voting rights were not authorized for such shares by the shareholders in accordance with the applicable
provision of the control share acquisitions statute.

 



    68
     
    

 

If the voting rights for shares acquired
in a control share acquisition are authorized by a majority of shareholders, the acquirer has acquired beneficial ownership of
a majority or more of all voting power in the election of directors, then each stockholder of record, other than the acquirer,
who has not voted in favor of authorizing voting rights for the control may demand payment for his or her stock and an appraisal
in accordance with M.G.L. chapter 156D.

 

The Massachusetts control share acquisition
statute permits a Massachusetts corporation to elect not to be governed by the statute’s provisions by including a provision
in the corporation’s articles of organization or bylaws pursuant to which the corporation opts out of the statute.

 

Massachusetts law provides that the board
of directors of a public corporation be staggered into three groups having terms of three years. This could make it difficult to
replace a majority of the board in any one year. A corporation may elect not to be governed by this provision by a vote of the
board of directors, or by two-thirds of each class of stock outstanding at a meeting duly called for the purpose of voting on an
exemption.

 

Chapter 110C of the Massachusetts General
Laws (1) subjects an offeror to certain disclosure and filing requirements before such offeror can proceed with a takeover bid,
defined to include any acquisition of or offer to acquire stock by which, after acquisition, the offeror would own more than 10%
of the issued and outstanding equity securities of a target company and (2) provides that, if a person (together with its associates
and affiliates) beneficially owns more than 5% of the stock of a Massachusetts corporation, such person may not make a takeover
bid if during the preceding year such person acquired any of the subject stock with the undisclosed intent of gaining control of
the corporation. The statute contains certain exceptions to these prohibitions, including if the board of directors approves the
takeover bid, recommends it to the corporation’s shareholders and the terms of the takeover are furnished to shareholders.
The validity of Chapter 110C has been called into questioned by a 1982 US Supreme Court decision that invalidated a similar law
in the state of Illinois.

 

Indemnification of Directors and
Officers

 

The Charter provides
that the Company’s officers and directors will be indemnified by the Company to the fullest extent permitted by the Massachusetts
Business Corporation Act (“MBCA”), as it presently exists, or may in the future be amended. In addition, the Charter
provides that the Company’s directors will not be personally liable for monetary damages to the Company for breaches of their
fiduciary duty as directors, unless they violated their duty of loyalty to the Company or its stockholders, acted not in good faith
or with intentional misconduct, knowingly or intentionally violated the law, or derived an improper personal benefit from their
actions as directors. The Company intends to enter into agreements with its officers and directors to provide contractual indemnification
in addition to the indemnification provided for in the Charter. The Charter also permits the Company to secure insurance on behalf
of any officer, director or employee for any liability to the fullest extent permitted by the MBCA. The Company has purchased a
policy of directors’ and officers’ liability insurance that insures its officers and directors against the cost of
defense, settlement or payment of a judgment in some circumstances and insures the Company against its obligations to indemnify
its officers and directors.

 

Financial Statements, Supplementary
Data and Exhibits

 

The information set
forth under Item 9.01 of this Current Report on Form 8-K is incorporated herein by reference.

 



    69
     
    

 

Item 9.01. Financial Statements and
Exhibits.

 

(a) Financial Statements of Business Acquired.

 



The audited consolidated
financial statements of Bonfire and Subsidiary as of December 31, 2018 and 2017 and for the years ended December 31, 2018 and 2017, the related notes and report of
independent registered public accounting firm are included as Exhibit 99.1 and incorporated herein by reference.

 

The audited
consolidated financial statements of CityBase and  Subsidiary as of December 31, 2018 and 2017 and for the years ended
December 31, 2018 and 2017, the related notes and report of independent registered public accounting firm thereto are
included as Exhibit 99.2 and incorporated herein by reference.

 

The audited
financial statements of eCivis as of December 31, 2018 and 2017 and for the years ended December 31, 2018 and
2017, the related notes and report of independent registered public accounting firm thereto are included as Exhibit 99.3 and
incorporated herein by reference.

 

The audited
financial statements of Open Counter as of and for the year ended December 31, 2018, the
related notes and report of independent registered public accounting firm thereto are included as Exhibit 99.4 and
incorporated herein by reference.

 

The audited
combined financial statements of Questica as of December 31, 2018 and 2017 and for the years ended December 31,
2018 and 2017, the related notes and report of independent registered public accounting firm thereto are included as Exhibit
99.5 and incorporated herein by reference.

 

The audited
financial statements of Sherpa as of and for the year ended December 31, 2018, the related
notes and report of independent registered public accounting firm thereto are included as Exhibit 99.6 and incorporated
herein by reference.

 

(b) Pro Forma Financial Information.

 

Our unaudited pro forma combined financial information as of
and for the year ended December 31, 2018 is attached hereto as Exhibit 99.7 and incorporated herein by reference

 

The audited financial statements of the Company as of December 31, 2018 and for the years ended December
31, 2018 and 2017, the related notes and report of independent registered public accounting firm thereto are included as Exhibit
99.8 and incorporated herein by reference.

 









    70
     
    

 

(d) Exhibits

 



    Exhibit
    No.
     
    Description

    2.1
     
    Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated September 12, 2018, by and among GTY Cayman, GTY Technology Holdings Inc. (Massachusetts) and GTY Technology MergerSub, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 to GTY Cayman’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on September 12, 2018).

    2.2
     
    Arrangement Agreement, dated September 12, 2018, by and among Bonfire Interactive Ltd., GTY Cayman, 1176370 B.C. Unlimited Liability Company, 1176363 B.C. Ltd. and the Bonfire Holders’ Representative named therein (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.2 to GTY Cayman’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on September 12, 2018), as amended by Amendment No. 1 thereto, dated as of October 31, 2018 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 to GTY Cayman’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on November 5, 2018) and Amendment No. 2 thereto, dated December 28, 2018 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 to GTY Cayman’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on January 4, 2019).

    2.3
     
    Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated September 12, 2018, by and among CityBase, Inc., GTY Cayman, GTY Technology Holdings Inc. (Massachusetts), GTY CB Merger Sub, Inc. and Shareholder Representative Services LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.3 to GTY Cayman’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on September 12, 2018), as amended by Amendment No. 1 thereto, dated October 31, 2018 (incorporated by reference to GTY Cayman’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on November 5, 2018), Amendment No. 2 thereto, dated December 28, 2018 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.2 to GTY Cayman’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on January 4, 2019) and Amendment No. 3 thereto, dated February 12, 2019 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 to GTY Cayman’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on February 14, 2019).

    2.4
     
    Amended and Restated Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated December 28, 2018, by and among eCivis Inc., GTY Cayman, GTY EC Merger Sub, Inc. and the eCivis Holders’ Representative named therein. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.3 to GTY Cayman’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on January 4, 2019), as amended by Amendment No. 1 thereto, dated January 8, 2018 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 to GTY Cayman’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on January 14, 2019).

    2.5
     
    Amended and Restated Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated December 28, 2018, by and among Open Counter Enterprises Inc., GTY Cayman, OC Merger Sub, Inc. and Shareholder Representative Services LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.4 to GTY Cayman’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on January 4, 2019).

    2.6
     
    Share Purchase Agreement, dated September 12, 2018, by and among Questica Inc., Questica USCDN Inc., GTY Cayman, Fernbrook Homes (Hi-Tech) Limited, 1176368 B.C. Ltd. and each of the Questica Holders named therein (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.6 to GTY Cayman’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on September 12, 2018) as amended by Amendment No. 1 thereto, dated October 31, 2018 (incorporated by reference to the Exhibit 2.5 to GTY Cayman’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on November 5, 2018) and Amendment No. 2 thereto, dated December 28, 2018 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.5 to GTY Cayman’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on January 4, 2019).

    2.7
     
    Unit Purchase Agreement, dated September 12, 2018, by and among Sherpa Government Solutions LLC, GTY Cayman, the Sherpa Holders named therein and the Sherpa Holders’ Representative named therein (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.7 to GTY Cayman’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on September 12, 2018) as amended by Amendment No. 1 thereto, dated October 31, 2018 (incorporated by reference to the Exhibit 2.6 to GTY Cayman’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on November 5, 2018) and Amendment No. 2 thereto, dated December 28, 2018 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.6 to GTY Cayman’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on January 4, 2019).

    2.8
     
    Form of eCivis Shareholder Agreements (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.2 to GTY Cayman’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on February 14, 2019).

    2.9
     
    Form of Open Counter Shareholder Agreements (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.3 to GTY Cayman’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on February 14, 2019).

    2.10
     
    Questica Shareholder Agreement, dated February 12, 2019, by and among GTY Cayman, GTY Technology Holdings Inc. (f/k/a GTY Govtech, Inc.), Shockt Inc. and 1176368 B.C. Ltd. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.4 to GTY Cayman’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on February 14, 2019).

    2.11
     
    Sherpa Shareholder Agreement, dated February 12, 2019, by and among GTY Cayman, GTY Technology Holdings Inc. (f/k/a GTY Govtech, Inc.) and David Farrell (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.5 to GTY Cayman’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on February 14, 2019).

    2.12
     
    Amendment No. 1, dated February 19, 2019, to the Amended and Restated Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated December 28, 2018, by and among Open Counter Enterprises Inc., GTY Cayman, OC Merger Sub, Inc. and Shareholder Representative Services LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.12 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on February 25, 2019).

    3.1
     
    Articles
    of Organization of GTY Technology Holdings Inc. (f/k/a GTY Govtech, Inc.) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1     to
    the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on February 25, 2019).

    3.2
     
    Restated
    Articles of Organization of GTY Technology Holdings Inc. (f/k/a GTY Govtech, Inc.) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2
    to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on February 25, 2019).







    3.3
     
    Bylaws of GTY Technology Holdings Inc. (f/k/a GTY Govtech, Inc.) (incorporated by reference to Annex J to the Company’s Registration Statement on Form S-4 (File No. 333-229189), filed with the SEC on January 11, 2019).

 



    71
     
    

 



    4.1
     
    Specimen Stock Certificate of GTY Technology Holdings Inc. (f/k/a GTY Govtech, Inc.) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.6 to the Company’s Registration Statement on Form S-4 (File No. 333-229189), filed with the SEC on January 11, 2019).

    4.2
     
    Specimen Warrant Certificate (incorporated by reference to the Exhibit 4.3 to GTY Cayman’s Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-213809), filed with the SEC on September 26,2016).

    4.3
     
    Warrant Agreement between GTY Cayman and Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company, dated as of October 26, 2016 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.4 to GTY Cayman’s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on November 1, 2016).

    4.4
     
    Assignment and Assumption Agreement, dated February 19, 2019, by and between GTY Cayman, GTY Technology Holdings Inc. (f/k/a GTY Govtech, Inc.) and Continental Stock Transfer and Trust Company (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.4 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on February 25, 2019).

    10.1
     
    Form of Letter Agreement, by and between GTY Cayman and certain investors of City Base (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to GTY Cayman’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on October 16, 2018).

    10.2
     
    Form of Subscription Agreement, by and between GTY Cayman and certain institutional and accredited investors (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to GTY Cayman’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on January 14, 2019).

    10.3
     
    Subscription Agreement, dated February 13, 2019, by and among GTY Cayman and Michael Duffy (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to GTY Cayman’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on February 14, 2019).

    10.4
     
    Letter Agreement among GTY Cayman, its officers and directors and GTY Investors, LLC, dated as of October 26, 2016 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to GTY Cayman’s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on November 1, 2016). 

    10.5
     
    Registration Rights Agreement among GTY Cayman, GTY Investors, LLC and the Holders signatory thereto, dated as of October 26, 2016 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to GTY Cayman’s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on November 1, 2016). 

    10.6
     
    Form of GTY Technology Holdings Inc. 2019 Omnibus Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Annex K to the Company’s Registration Statement on Form S-4 (File No. 333-229189), filed with the SEC on January 11, 2019).

    10.7
     
    Form
    of GTY Technology Holdings Inc. 2019 Omnibus Incentive Plan Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement (incorporated by reference
    to Exhibit 10.7 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on February 25, 2019).    

    10.8
     
    Form of Indemnity Agreement (incorporated by reference
to Exhibit 10.8 to the Company’s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the SEC on March 18, 2019).





    21.1
     
    Subsidiaries of the Company (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 21.1 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on February 25, 2019).





99.1
 
Audited Consolidated Financial Statements of Bonfire and Subsidiary as of December 31, 2018 and 2017 and for the years ended December 31, 2018 and 2017.

99.2
 
Audited Consolidated Financial Statements of CityBase and Subsidiary as of December 31, 2018 and 2017 and for the years ended December 31, 2018 and 2017.

99.3
 
Audited Financial Statements of eCivis as of December 31, 2018 and 2017 and for the years ended December 31, 2018 and 2017.

99.4
 
Audited Financial Statements of Open Counter as of December 31, 2018 and for the year ended December 31, 2018.

99.5
 
Audited
Combined Financial Statements of Questica as of December 31, 2018 and 2017 and for the years ended December 31, 2018 and
2017.

99.6
 
Audited Financial Statements of Sherpa as of December 31, 2018 and for the year ended December 31, 2018.

99.7
 
Unaudited Pro Forma Combined Financial Information as of and for the year ended December 31, 2018. 

99.8
 
Item 1A “Risk Factors,” Item 7 “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and
Results of Operations,” Item 8 “Financial Statements and Supplementary Data” and Item 10
“Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance” (incorporated by reference to such Items of the
Company’s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the SEC on March 18, 2019).

99.9 
 
“Executive Compensation,” “Management of New GTY Following the Business Combination - Post-Combination Company Executive Compensation,” “The Incentive Plan Proposal” and “Certain Relationships and Related Party Transactions” (incorporated by reference to the sections so entitled in the Company’s final prospectus, originally filed
with the SEC pursuant to Rule 424(b) under the Securities Act on January 31, 2019, in connection with the Company’s Registration
Statement on Form S-4 (File No. 333-229189)).


 



    72
     
    

 

SIGNATURE

 

Pursuant to the requirements
of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned
hereunto duly authorized.

 



     
    GTY TECHNOLOGY HOLDINGS INC.

     
     
     

     
    By:
    /s/ Harry L. You

     
     
    Name: Harry L. You

     
     
    Title: Chief Financial Officer

     
     
     

    Dated: March 18, 2019
     
     

 



    73
    

 




